Hello. Hello. Yeah, hi. Am I speaking with Ramesh? Yes. Yeah, hi Ramesh. This is Iti from Scaler Academy. Hi. Is this the right time for me to talk to you? Yes, we can have a conversation. Alright, alright. Ramesh, actually this call is basically regarding the registration you had made a few days back regarding one master class, right? I hope you recall that. Regarding on which platform you are you at? I am calling you from Scaler Academy and you had registered for a master class that was about e-commerce platform using React. Yes, yes, exactly. Yes, yes. So I can see here that you didn't attend the event, right? Yes, I was called up in some other work from office and I wasn't able to join. Alright, alright Ramesh, not an issue. So Ramesh, the reason I have called you is same as you have registered yourself for a master class but you didn't attend that. So this is just to understand what you are basically looking for and what kind of help you require. So basically I was actually looking for mentors. I heard somewhere that like Taylor's have good mentors. So I was just going to the mentors for the section and they were one mentor who was giving this for the seminar. Yes, yes, Ayush Raj. Correct, correct. So I just wanted to see like how is the class and how are you doing that. Okay, okay Ramesh, okay. So Ramesh, may I have an understanding that are you currently aware about the Scaler platform? Do you have any sort of idea about Scaler? Okay, so I have a vague idea like what I know about Scaler is like Scaler provides classes and one like for training sessions. Okay. Mentorship class and then we will be doing some projects and at the end of those projects there will be placement sessions which will be conducted by the Scaler students. Alright, alright. So like Ramesh, before talking further or maybe before talking about your education background, maybe about your career, I will just give you a small idea about Scaler and accordingly we will start the conversation, right? Yeah, so Scaler is basically a platform which is a career acceleration program, right? So here what we are doing is basically we are helping an individual who is even working in a service based company and wants to move to a product based company or if an individual or a working professional who is working in a product based company and they want to grow there, basically they want to upscale there, right? So this is just a platform where we help an individual to prepare themselves for a product based interview and sit there for a longer vision, right? So may I have an understanding from your side that currently are you looking for any sort of upscalement or maybe you are looking for any kind of switch? Okay, so like I was not looking for switch but I was just wanted to upgrade on my like professional. So currently I am a front end engineer so I was looking for upgrade to be full stack engineer. Okay, alright, alright. So this is one of the upgrade for professional. Alright, so Ramesh, before talking about the front end, back end or maybe full stack, may I have an understanding about your work experience, about your education background, what have you been doing for so long? Yeah, so I completed like VTech from Hyderabad and currently I am staying in Hyderabad. Okay. I graduated in the year 2020. 2020. Today I work for a period of 1.5 years as a developer. Okay. And after that like I switch to a like startup company, a product development company and I am working as a associate engineer. You are working in an associate level, right? Yeah, UI engineer. Alright, alright, that's nice. So that means you, on total you have 3 years of experience, correct? Yes. Alright. So initially you started from a service based company and then you have moved to a product based company. Yes. May I know the name of your company? Okay, so currently I am working at SMDM. Okay, so this is a tier 3 product based company, right? Yes. Alright, alright. So Ramesh, may I have an understanding from your side that what are the challenges you are currently facing as an employee which is like hindering your growth or maybe stopping your growth? Okay, so like I have experience regarding the branding but like I was looking for the entire full-stack so I needed some mentorship and some guidance like for what kind of projects I can do in a full-stack developer so that like it will help me in future so that like other companies are also looking or like even I can upgrade in my current professional by using those products. Okay, so. Which will be technology solid. Alright, so if you don't mind me sharing your current CTC? Okay, so my current CTC is 9. 9. Okay. So are you currently aware about the market standard? Yes. So basically I'm aware of the standard but like when I joined here, I didn't have like any work experiences, work experiences front-end or anything. Okay. There I again joined as an entry level. Okay. So the reason I immediately said that are you currently aware about the market standard is just to make you understand as per the experience that you are having, right? You are underpaid right now. If a person or if an individual is starting his career from a product-based company whether it is tier 1, tier 2 or tier 3, the slag that he is initially getting is somewhere around 15 LPA to 25 LPA. So are you currently aware about all these things? No, like I was not sure it will be that much. For three years it's been. Okay. Do you have any sort of idea regarding a product-based company? What all are the advantages of a product-based company? Are you aware about all these things? Yes. So do you still believe that you are paid fine currently? Yeah, like you can either like it's undervalued but yeah like I was actually considering the current market situation also like we are under recession and I thought like it will be or the current market standard will be around this. Okay. I'll tell you one thing Ramesh on regular basis we are having a conversation with a lot of learners, right? As you are already aware that Scalar is an invite only program, right? Here we don't have an option that you can directly go to the website or maybe choose a website and see anything here a counselor directly approach you just like the way I have approached you, right? So on regular basis I'm having a word with a lot of learners, a lot of learners. So the initial challenge that they are basically facing is they are not only aware about the market standard, they are not aware about the position that they are actually having in the industry and that is the reason they don't even understand that whether they are underpaid, overpaid or paid fine at that particular point. And this is something which I'm able to rectify from your part also initially you're working but just because you're not aware about the market standard and one constant thing that is there in your mind is recession. Ramesh recession is there, correct? But still Microsoft is hiring, still Amazon is hiring, still any any Agio, Swiggy, Zomato they are hiring, right? So just imagine if people are hiring, if they are having vacancies so how we can mention that recession is there. Recession is there for people who actually are not productive in terms of their organization, not for the people who are actually working and giving productivity to the organization. So are you understanding that are we on the same page? Yes, yes. I totally understand and I agree with you. So from my understanding Ramesh, I have been working with Scalar from like almost five to six years now, right? So from my understanding you tell me what all are the challenges that you are currently facing as an employee, right? You're working in an organization from last 1.5 years, right? And I do believe that you wouldn't directly come to Scalar for certain health mentorship or guidance. You would have done your own research as well, right? So from my understanding you tell me that in terms of everything whether it's your career, whether it is your future plans, what all are the challenges that you're facing as an employee? Also what are your futuristic goals and future that doesn't mean coming one or two years. With this I mean what are your plans for coming five to six years? So one major drawback is actually currently in my job as well as yours. We are not totally involved into the entire design structure of the entire system. We are not totally involved into the entire design structure of the entire system. We are not totally involved into the entire design structure of the entire system. I'm currently only involved in the design system of the front end. I can see to the entire application like from starting like zero to the end, like including everything like the CI, PD, the circle and the back end and the front end. I was not able to get that here. That means you are not able to get full proper guidance in terms of your futuristic plan or maybe what all projects you're working on right now. I'm working on front end projects like the black base. I'm creating black base as well like the front end technology. I also want to go to that area where I can combine everything. That means you want to basically work from end to end projects. You want to work in end to end projects. Like a full stack. Correct. Got it. When I ask you about your futuristic plan, so where do you see yourself in coming five years and how do you see yourself in coming five years? So in the coming years, I want to see myself as a team leader. I can be a leader and I can guide and I can create things and also be a full stack developer. Okay. All right. And what are your goals and aspirations for the coming future? Full stack development only, right? Okay. And you tell me when did this come into your mind? You're having an experience of three years, right? When did this thought came in your mind that now you are willing to like go for a full stack development? When did this thought come into your mind? Okay. From last six to seven months, I've been doing like I'm getting this thought and I have started working on it. I started to create projects using nodes and experience like combining both back end and front end. Okay. I have created a couple of projects. Okay. So I think I still have to learn more regarding that thought. Okay. So that means it's six months since you have planned that you want to upscale yourself in terms of full stack development, right? And from past six months, you also have started your own research, correct? Yes. So when it comes to productivity, right? When it comes to knowing about full stack development, there is a big long process. So from my understanding, you tell me what all path you have chosen in last six months? What have you done to upscale yourself in last six months? So I started solving problems from lead code. Okay. So I started, I solved around 500 problems in last eight to nine months, around 500 plus problems from lead code. Okay. Along with that, I have created three projects on like the full stack development back end. Okay. I learned about both ways and six ways. So and yeah, these ones I have done. I was looking to other technologies as well like there is this framework called Gatsby. So I was looking into that work. I have to do that. I couldn't get a chance. So these are the things which you have done yourself, right? And while doing this, what are challenges that you faced? Because see, as I already told you before talking to you, I just had a conversation with a person who is currently working in emphasis, right? And just like you, he also wants to upscale himself as same as Arches, right? Now, the problem that he faced, if he took some courses from Udemy, we have a plenty amount of courses in Udemy and Coursera that is related to full stack development. And he was very, very seriously following that aspect. But the problem he faced is even if he had taken a paid course, he didn't attend that to the fullest. Why? Because he was not getting full guidance. And that this is a problem that majority aspirants faces when he is like going through certain courses. So you tell me Ramesh, from past six months, you have attempted the same. You didn't go for courses, but definitely you have done your own kind of preparation. So what all challenges that you faced while you were going through all these things? You mean like from my side? Correct. From your point of view. Yeah. So, first challenge was like DSP. We had a problem. Your voice is breaking. Your voice is breaking. Am I audible now? Yes, yes, it's fine now. It's fine now. Yeah, the problem which I was facing was the DSP. So, like we have a problem in front of ourselves. But in order to get to that, it was a full share. I was not able to directly get to those solutions. So, I either had to go to other courses or to other YouTube channels and see how those problems were solved. But I was not able to grasp those 100% There are a lot of types of problems, many types of problems. That was one of the challenges I faced. That's why I started reading a lot about the DSP as well. When it comes to DSA, DSA is one of the most important topics for a person who is working in a product-based company. Currently, you are working in a product-based company. That is a start-up. In the future, whenever you are going to apply for a new company, maybe you are going to apply for Microsoft, Amazon, or maybe Salesforce, Zomato, Swiggy, the two major important rounds are covered in DSA only. Now, preparing for data structure and algorithms is essential for accelerating in technical interviews and building a strong foundation for computer science and programming. So, the most important thing over here is to understand the basics. You need to be aware about what is the programming language you are comfortable in, whether it is C++, Java, or Python. Because whenever you are going to work in a product-based company, they are never going to judge you on the programming language you are aware of. Because all the three things are similar. Simultaneously, the second most important thing is data structure. You need to focus on the structures part, which is array, linked disk, stack, queue, graph. This is something which no one can teach you. This is just like math. You need to practice that on a regular basis. And thirdly, the two most important things are time complexity and space complexity. Just imagine, you and I are giving interviews for the same thing. Maybe you have also applied for Amazon, and I have also applied for Amazon. Let's suppose you have built a code which took almost five minutes. And the space that you used in a very layman language, you took ten lines to make a code, to run a code. On the other hand, I was also there. I took somewhere around ten minutes, and I took fifteen lines to complete the whole code. But both the output were same. The output that came was correct. Now you tell me what is the probability of a person to be chosen? Who will be chosen? Who will be selected in an interview? You are with less time complexity and with less time complexity. Correct. Now this is a very small example that I have given you when it comes to you and me, right? Just imagine when there are people from MNCs who are sitting with you in an interview, right? This is something which plays a very, very important role, and we have to work on that. Again, this comes out of practice. Right? Now the main question here is how you are going to learn to analyze the time and space complexity of algorithms? How you are going to understand the Big O notation? Right? This all comes when you are practicing something. Coding, data structure and algorithms is all about practice, practice and practice. And simultaneously when we talk about practice, you need a person who is actually giving proper guidance to you throughout the time you are practicing it. So, you tell me, do you have any sort of person who is actually helping you throughout the process, who is actually guiding you throughout the process? No, like this will be like 90% will be from the one who is doing the, who is solving the problem. So, yes, it has to be from my side. Constantly practice the problems and then only I will succeed in that area. Could you please come on Ramesh, actually your voice was breaking in between. Yeah, like is it fine now? Yes, yes, it's fine. It's fine. It's fine. Yeah, so I was saying that I totally agree. Like it has to be from the person who is learning. He has to put his 99% and he has to practice continuously. So, then he will be successful in that area. So, that is what I am doing. Like every day I am also solving around 2 to 3 problems after my work. And that's what I am learning. Okay, okay. On a regular basis, how many hours are you able to give to your up-skillment? So, every day like I am giving around 2 to 3 hours. So, on a weekend it can be around 4 to 5 hours. But on a daily weekdays, I could only give around 2 to 3 hours. Because I had to completely focus on work and then... I do understand. I do understand. And currently are you applying for jobs? Are you sitting on interviews or currently you are just focused on up-skilling yourself? Yeah, currently I am just focusing on up-skilling. I didn't start it up-line. And what aspiration do you have? When are you actually planning to start that? So, start up-line? Yeah. Yeah, so I am still looking around 2 to 3 months to prepare well for the technical interviews and also have to do the job. Okay. So that I can demo them. Alright, alright. I got it. I got it, Ramesh. So, Ramesh, while having a conversation with you, there are certain things that I am able to rectify while having a conversation with you. The very very first thing is currently you are not aware about the market standards. You are not aware about the things that are actually going in the environment. As in the initial conversation, you mentioned that you are somewhat satisfied with the current compensation, right? Secondly, what I am able to understand while having a conversation is you are having the desire to up-skill yourself. You definitely want to up-skill yourself and you are doing that on regular basis. You are working hard on that. But when it comes to guidance, when it comes to having a proper roadmap, somehow what currently you are doing is not at all structured. See, if we are going for a full-stack development program, if we are doing that, there is a proper structure that we have to follow. It starts from the very basic, right? So, what I believe is somehow your whole concept is not going a little structured. Thirdly, what I am able to rectify is you don't have a person who can actually guide you towards your further career plan. You don't have a person who can actually tell you that this is the thing that you need to go next and this is the thing that you need to follow next. So, you tell me all these three things that I am currently, like I have been able to rectify while having a conversation with you from last 20-25 minutes are correct or not? Yeah, these are correct. These are correct, right? So, you tell me, as I already mentioned, right? I can tell you plenty of things. I can tell you how you can do that. But before that, I need an understanding from you. Are you serious towards your career transition? Because then only I will be talking about how scalar can help you out in the coming future. Because when it comes to us, we are actually looking for aspirants, we are actually looking for learners who are serious for their growth, right? Then only I can discuss about scalar with you. Yes, I am. I am not properly serious about it. I wanted to upscale it. Alright, so like I will just give you a small idea about scalar and I will tell you the process how you can go through that, right? So, as you already mentioned, you have some amount of idea about scalar, what do we do, how do we do, right? But in short, so what scalar academy, we don't call it a course, we call it a training program which is filled with industry exports, right? Where we look to on board those kinds of people who are actually willing to have a career transition in next 7-8 months and to prepare for their next career course in order to make a large scalable system all by yourself. So the conversation I had with you understanding your interests, understanding your work profile, achievements, career goal was only to check whether your mindset is aligned with the teaching and the end goal of this program or not. So here when scalar will believe in quality rather than quantity. So only if you have an intent to work towards your dream to become a great software developer who is ready to sit on a product based company and who is ready to learn full stack development, then only we request learners to come and join us. Right? So you are not going to get yourself enrolled in a course here. You are being admitted into a place which is filled with industry professionals in order to teach you, in order to fill you, in order to clear your doubts and most importantly to make your understand in the whole industry, to make you understand about your work in the whole industry and not your own company where you are working currently. Right? So currently it's very very important for you to understand what you deserve right now. What are those special skills that are actually required to increase your work so that you are in a position to understand whether you are underpaid, overpaid or paid fine with respect to your skills and packages. Right? Now you do have an idea that how we train people. So now what we do here in Scalar is people who join us come from diverse backgrounds, varied work experience, different skill set, but they have one common goal. Since it is not a college, we cannot make you all sit in one classroom and attend these classes. So what we do, we tend to make it more relevant and interactive. We try to teach people not according to their work experience, but according to their skills. Right? Now what does we do here is whenever you are going to come and attend our classes and I can see that you have been here with Scalar for quite a long time, you might have attended some master classes. You are not going to be taught by people who are actually working in NITs or IITs. Right? You are going to be taught by a person who is already working in a product based company from last decade. So here you are already aware about the market standards. You will be aware about... Hello? Hello. Yeah, are you able to hear me? Yes, yes. Yeah. So you will be taught by a person who is already having a product based company from last decade. So you are already having a good experience who is aware about the market standards and who is aware about the challenges that a person experiences when he is working in a product based company or maybe he is working in some MNCs. Right? So we don't have a person who is working in a service based company. All the instructors, all the guiders that are available here are actually the person who have invested their years working in a product based company. Right? So now as I already told you, Scalar is an invite only process. Right? We don't have an option that you can go to the website, you can directly click on buy now option and you can purchase the course. Here in Scalar, we need to know that are you really ready to take this particular program? Are you ready to be taught by a person who is going to invest his hours on you? So you need to give a small test. Right? Now this test is somewhere around 30 minutes. So all in 24 hours, you just have to take 30 minutes of time. 30 minutes test will be divided into four parts. That means there are total 16 questions that are very basic. It will be related to your probability, basic math, aptitude and somewhat coding. Right? So from this test, you will be able to know that are you really ready to come to Scalar and here we can help you out or not. Then accordingly, we are going to start the process. We are going to tell you how we are going to teach you, what all things we are going to teach you, what is the program actually is. Right? You tell me, Ramesh, do you have any sort of doubts, any sort of concern right now? Regarding the test part, I couldn't get anything. You said the structure part and everything, why you are conducting this? Could you please repeat that again? Your voice is breaking. I am not able to hear. Like recently, the test which you have explained right now, we are conducting the test and you are conducting the structure as well. And why we are conducting it. Could you repeat that again? Your voice was breaking. So you are basically asking me about the test, right? Yes. Okay. So see, why we conduct this test? The purpose of this test is basically for us to understand where actually you are lying right now in terms of your understanding regarding DSA in terms of full stack development, right? For us to make you understand about Scalar, to make you understand about how we are going to teach you here or maybe how we are going to make you study here, it is even important for us to understand that are you really ready to do that? Because as I already told you in Scalar, we have a tech-versity which is of more than 30,000 instructors, right? Okay. So in this particular test, it will be divided into four parts. And in these four parts, it will be basically probability, basic math, aptitude, little bit coding just to make you understand where you are actually right now in terms of your growth. And accordingly, we are going to talk to you about if you pass the test, then we can discuss about how does Scalar works. Yes. Yes. So you tell me if you want to like know about that, if you want to know that, then I can discuss more about it. Yeah, like I want to know about it, but currently I have one meeting, so that is why I was looking at the timing. So I was not able to properly concentrate on your talk. Can we like have this after like evening? Evening at what time? At 7.30. Sure, sure. So what do you want? You tell me from your side. Firstly, you need to have an understanding about the curriculum, about Scalar. Or firstly, you want to take the test first. You need to have an understanding where you are actually right now in terms of your growth. Yes. Sorry, could you please repeat that again? Yes. What do you want me to do? Firstly, you want to take a test of 30 minutes and then talk about Scalar or you want to talk to me regarding Scalar and then you want to take the test? Okay, like first I want to talk about the Scalar curriculum and then I will talk about the curriculum. Okay. Okay. Okay. No issues. No issues. So you are adding the curriculum for PDFs and everything? I will do that. I will do that. But I do understand you are not, you can't give me more time right now. What we are going to do is I will be sharing you certain content on WhatsApp after this call and then we can connect at 7.30 and plan rest of the thing according. Fine? Sure. Okay. Thank you. Okay.