Hello, yeah hi Ramesh, it is me from Scaler Academy. Hi, I hope you are available right now to connect. Yes, yeah we can. Yes, yes. So Ramesh, in the morning we had a discussion, not in the morning, in the evening itself and I had shared you some content, right? Yeah, I received the mail. And also I had shared certain things on WhatsApp also, so did you check that? Yeah, I saw that I was receiving data but I didn't open it yet. Okay, you haven't gone through, yeah you haven't gone through the, alright not an issue, you have today's time, you can go through and you can have a look on that, right? Yeah. Yes, so like you wanted to know more about Scaler, you wanted to know more about the curriculum, so Ramesh, like it's already two hours, three hours we had a word, right? And I am quite sure that there would be n number of doubts in your mind. So for my understanding, you can tell me what all doubts you have so that we can discuss on that and accordingly we can spread you your test. Come again. Okay, so yeah, can I click, is there any other session or like webinar which will be conducting, which is going to be conducting coming week? There are a lot of webinars that are happening on regular basis Ramesh, not one, right? If you want to register for webinar, I am going to share you one link, right? You can click on that and you can attend the master class. Most probably our master class happens on Sunday, right? Sunday? Yeah, Sunday. Yeah, okay. So you can check it out, you can have a look and accordingly you can rectify that this is something which is helpful to you or not. Yes. Right? Yes. Okay, so what I will do is I will go through the content which I have shared and also go through maybe curriculum ideas, ideas that we have shared. See, I have shared you the curriculum but what I am going to do for you is I am just going to give you a brief understanding that how we actually have planned because there are basically Q durations that would be written there. Right? So as I already mentioned in Scalar, we are not going to waste your time. We don't believe that time is something which is very precious for each and every one of us, right? So once you have cleared everything because now I can only talk about the course or maybe the later of the program. Once you have cleared that 30 minutes test, right? Because if you have failed that 30 minutes test also you won't be admitted to Scalar. Right? Now here I am assuming that you have cleared the test. Right? Now you have cleared the test and you have taken a decision, right? I want to proceed with Scalar. Right? Then again there would be one test which is somewhere around 1 hour, 1.5 hours. Right? That test will be taken by a recruiter and that will be from a recruiter point of view. Fine. So once you have attempted that particular test, then we are going to decide whether you want to go for an advanced batch or you have to go for an intermediate batch. So let's suppose you have a clear understanding because as per my understanding also you are not new to the system. You have certain weak points, but it's not like you don't have an understanding about the basics of data structure algorithm. It's not like you don't have an understanding about how to, what is time complexity and space complexity or are you aware about that? So most probably you will be getting an advanced batch. So the two batches, intermediate batch will be of 44 weeks and advanced batch will be of 36 weeks. So the total duration, 36 weeks, total duration of the course is somewhere around 8 to 12 months. Right? Now, how does the curriculum start? In the initial time, once you have got yourself admitted here, so your course flow would be 21 weeks. We are going to focus on your data structure and algorithm part because you are also aware about that if in future you want to move to a product based company, data structure and algorithm is something you need to be on your toes. Right? So for that first 21 weeks, we are going to focus on the data structure and algorithm part. So the time complexity, arrays, strings, binary search, two pointers, recursion, hashing, sorting, bit manipulation, everything will be covered. Then your stats, queues, language, trees, keys, 3D, DPs, graphs, DBOS and computer network will be covered in data structure and algorithm part. Once you have this particular onboarding done, you are covered 21 weeks, then we are going to go to the low level design which is going to take 5 weeks and then high level design which is going to take 5 weeks. Then the rest 5 weeks would be a project. Right? So we are going to give you a end to end project. Let's suppose you are aware about Hotstar. Right? You are aware about Rapido. Correct? Yes. So what we are going to do is we are going to give you an opportunity to make your own project. Maybe we are going to ask you to make a Home Star or maybe we are asking you to make a Rapido or maybe we are asking you to make a Facebook Messenger. So you have to work on the end to end project and we are going to give you the access of the cloud itself. So you will be working it for yourself and then accordingly you can choose a specialization for yourself. That would be in this particular 5 weeks only. You can go for a front back end specialization. You can go for a full stack specialization or maybe if you want to go for a data engineering specialization you can even do that. Okay. Yeah. So this is a small idea which I am currently giving you about the course curriculum. Right? Now again coming back to this particular thing this is only possible once you have cleared the 30 minutes test. Right? Yeah. Any other doubt that you are having? Yeah. So this 30 minute test and the second test which will be there. That will be once you have taken the admission Ramesh. First 30 minutes is a test before the admission because currently before as I already told you this is an invite only program. Right? If you have failed in this particular test we won't be able to like we can like we can give you a retest but definitely we wouldn't have directly give you admission. Are you understanding that? Now once you have cleared the test then accordingly if you if you if you are selected because after taking the test also there would be one PI round. And you have taken the admission everything is done everything is sorted then accordingly you are going to have the recruitment then you are a part of Scalar. Yes. Yes. Okay. Yes I hope the doubt is cleared. Yeah so this part is cleared. And okay so like you mentioned that like we will be doing projects from our like they will be at the end like they will be like we will be creating our own project. So and in between also there will be a multiple project. Yes. Yes. So for those projects like it will be created like those will be like from scratch or like. From the scratch. No from the scratch. Now in the coming future you are going to work in a tier one product based company. Right Ramesh? So everything that you are going to do there would be end to end only. From scratch to the last step all is something which you are going to do from your side. But it's not like you will be alone there. Definitely we have a team which is of 20000 experts 20000 industry experts and 20000 people who are already working in a product based company. They will be available there. So in between if you have any sort of doubt let's suppose you are making Facebook messenger right. Anshuman if you are not aware about him he was the team leader for Facebook messenger. He has directly worked with Mark Zuckerberg. You can check this on Google itself. After having a year experience of 3.5 years he went to US he was working in Facebook and he was the team leader of Facebook messenger. So maybe in future like you are asked to make a project on Facebook messenger only. So you can take Anshuman as your team leader. You can take it as an expert. He is going to guide you throughout your project. Okay. Yeah. That's good. Sorted Ramesh. Yes. Yeah. So like these doubts are cleared. So I feel like like from my side like so as of now I don't have any more doubts. So what I will do now is like I will go to the content which I shared with you. Okay. And can I take this like the initial test which you mentioned like on Saturday on the weekend or like. Ramesh actually we don't have that much time. No. If we would be having that much time we would have given a lot of time to you because we have a lot of learners and admissions are on limited basis. So we have to give that to each and every learner who is coming to us. Right. Now for me also there are a lot of learners that are currently lined with me. Right. If you want I can schedule your test on Sunday but I won't promise that it would be successful or there might be chances that what the current team that is over. Right. So the suggestion that would be there from my end is I suggest you to take the test tomorrow. If you want I'll schedule the test in the evening or maybe early in the morning. That is something which depends on you when you are available because it's only of 30 minutes and I believe this is something which is manageable. Yeah. Then that's fine. I can take it tomorrow evening. When you will be available tomorrow. Yeah. Tomorrow evening. Tomorrow. Sure. Not an issue. Tomorrow morning. Tomorrow evening at eight. I will definitely talk to you regarding that. That is not an issue. I'll schedule your test at that time. Yeah. Sure. Any other question any other doubt. Like as of now like I don't have any other doubt. Okay. The only thing that I am going to suggest is do your research properly because this is something which is your future Ramesh. Right. You are doing everything which is for your own betterment. Right. And I'm very much sure if you're going to take this test or I'm not asking you to take admission directly. I'm not asking you to do everything in a very sudden way. I'm just saying take things a little more serious. Maybe tomorrow just because of this course you're doing wonders in the coming time and I am sure if you're aligned with the system if you're aligned with the curriculum things would be easier for you. Yes. Sorted. Yeah. Yeah. That's it. Sorted. Right. So that was all from my side. I don't think so. I have any any other doubt or maybe I don't have any kind of thing. If you want anything from my side you have that WhatsApp number where I've shared all the content you can reach me out on that particular number itself and then we can discuss about everything else. Do you want to know about the free structure here only or after the day. Yeah. Like this. Hello. Yeah. I'm saying like this we can discuss tomorrow. If we can discuss tomorrow after this. Okay. No issues. You give the test properly and accordingly we can connect. Right. Sure. All right. Thank you.