Hello. Hello. Hi, NSP to Manjula. Yeah, who is this? Manjula, hi, good evening. This is Mudat. I'm calling you from Scaler. Scaler Academy. Yes. How are you? Fine, thank you. How about you? I'm doing great. Thanks a lot. I believe Manjula, you had signed up on a platform regarding a webinar recently. Oh, you have Docker and Kubernetes. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I have registered previously also. I have registered and recently I have also registered for Docker and Kubernetes. Yes. But unfortunately I haven't attended the session. Right, right, right. So just wanted to get an understanding towards, you know, like what ideally happened that you could not attend it. I think I am on vacation on that day. I didn't prepare for that day, but unfortunately I went to go for vacation. Oh, you had to work. That's the reason I haven't attended it. Okay, okay. So can you give me an idea towards, you know, like what made you sign up for this particular webinar on Scaler Academy? Like is there something related to your work or like are you planning to upscale? Yeah, it's related to work also, but presently means for last six months I am on maternity leave. Okay. From first only I resumed my work. So that's the reason to get the freshen up and to give a boost up to my skills. So that's the reason I have registered. Okay, so like your current term maternity leave. So like what did you used to do exactly? Sorry? What were you doing before that? I am a DevOps Engineer. I am a technical specialist. Oh, you are a DevOps Engineer yourself and what would be your total experience as a DevOps Engineer? Tech specialist. Total experience? Six plus years. Six years altogether into DevOps? Yeah. Five plus years into DevOps. One into tech specialist. Sorry? Five years in DevOps and one year in tech specialist. Yes. Okay, okay. So I mean like, when are you on maternity leave? On 31st of December. Oh, like this whole year? No, no. From 3rd July. Oh, you were into, so like you have started working already again? Yeah, yeah. 1st of January I resumed it. Okay, so which company are you associated with right now Manjula? Presently I am working with Brilio Technologies, private limited. Sorry? What? Brilio. It's a service based company? Yeah, service based company. So like what are your plans going ahead, first of all? Nothing, just I am presently on bench looking for the project is going to assign to me. So looking for that and just in between these days I just want to improve my skills, that's it. Because six months is a too long, right? No, I understand. So as a tech specialist like what exactly is the role about? Previously I worked on that project Gate Migration, I worked on Kubernetes. Okay. That tool with the rancher. So it's basically DevOps itself, right? Yeah, yes. Okay, okay, okay. So now you have been working on DevOps from last six years, right? What understanding do you carry about DevOps at this point in time? I mean like up to what extent do you say that you are involved in the DevOps process? Any kind of development? I mean like you are involved in the development process, right? Yeah, yeah. So you are involved in the development process, right? So up to what extent do you say that you are involved in the DevOps process end to end? I didn't get you actually. I'm saying Manjula, let's suppose if in case you've worked for like six years into DevOps, correct? I'm saying is like up to what extent would you say that you are involved in the end to end DevOps process? Like on a scale of one to hundred, right? Okay, end to end. Okay. So in five out of three and a half, right? Okay. So you are involved in the development process, right? Yeah, yeah. So you are involved in the development process, right? Okay. So you are involved in the development process, right? So in five out of three and a half. Three and a half. Could you just give me an idea, you were telling me that you have worked on Kubernetes, right? Apart from that, what else do you do? Apart from that, we have managed our Scrum, means like Agile methodology. And we worked on GitLab. Okay. So you only worked on Kubernetes, you only worked on GitLab. So you only worked on Kubernetes, you only worked on GitLab. Okay. So you only worked on Kubernetes, you only worked on GitLab. Yeah, because yeah, nothing else means like we need to check out our deployments. We have three environments. So, and in that our services, we need to check out that secrets from all premises to K8 and AWS like that. Okay. But again, that is something, you know, at the end of the day, when we talk about your role, somewhere down the line, don't define that your work is something which is a bit partial, partial in terms of I would say like your work. Because again, when we talk about DevOps, there are a lot of things, right? Yeah, a lot of things. I mean like, because you know, it starts from, you know, planning the product, right, where we actually, when we talk about, you know, features, enhancements, bug fixes, that we have to implement in the software. It starts from there, right? Then the development happens where, you know, the DevOps engineers, they actually set the developers to understand about, you know, what exactly is the need, right? Then we move into CI, CD and then, you know, it's continuous monitoring, then it's infrastructure is good, right? So, a lot of things are there. So, do you think that somewhere down the line, working in a service based company is somewhat, you know, hampering your learning curve as a DevOps engineer? Yeah, I can understand because of the, I mean like, I'm telling about this recent project. So, what the things happened, like we have two to three teams, right? So, one is offshore and one is onshore teams, like that. So, whatever the things are there, our work is, we have, they have given to us like only deployment. So, whatever the environment we are working, we have to deploy on that environment and we give a report to them. So, what we need for a deployment, we need pipelines and whatever the need for a deployment, we have collected from the another team. So, that's the reason we lag here. So, Okay, okay. I mean like, see, it's not again, I mean like, see, that is what I'm saying. It's not just about deployment that we're talking about. For an example, when we talk about a DevOps engineer, you know that you're someone who is solely responsible for the reliability, the maintainability and the workflow of a particular product or project. Now, let's suppose if in case we talk about DevOps tools itself, now you've worked on Git Labs, you've worked on Kubernetes, right? But we know that it's not just about that, right? Because these are just tools. Again, at the end of the day, there will be a time where you will actually have something better than Kubernetes in the market and people will move to that. But let's suppose if in case we talk about the whole process of DevOps, right? I, like, the question that we need to ask to ourselves is that am I someone who can actually handle the whole DevOps process all by myself? Because again, your learning curve is something which should never stop. Because again, it has been six years that you've been working. Right now, you're working in a service based company where in somewhere down the line you were telling me that there are two different teams and you're just working on the deployment part, but whatever things you actually get, right? So it should not be like that at the end of the day. Right? But things usually happens like this when we talk about service based companies. Because again, at the end of the day, the projects are already defined by the clients. And that is how we actually have to work. Right? So don't you think that, you know, it is actually time for you to look for something better? Don't you think in that regards? Not yet, but after hearing your words, I want to think about that. Right? Because again, I'm like, see, I understand. If you don't mind me asking, like what package do you sit on right now as a DevOps engineer? It's 25 Lakhs per annum. 25 LPA? Yes. Okay. And what is the fixed part in that 25? Sorry? What is the fixed part in that 25? Fixed part means net. Or like does it include some variable? No, no variables is added. 25 is like fixed. Great. Great. Great. So if in case, you are working for a service based company and that were 25 LPA, that gives me a good idea that, you know, there is a good amount of resources or talent that you actually carry. Don't you think that like, suppose if in case you actually put the skills by, you know, enhancing it, first of all, right, and put it in the right place, you ideally will be able to have a better learning curve, better growth structure and also a better compensation in that regards. Yeah, that's a good idea. That is possible. Correct? So that is what I'm saying. So like let's suppose if in case we talk about the whole workflow of DevOps, right, we are just working towards certain things right now, right? Yes. What about the rest of it? Like how do you plan to cover that is the question? Manjula? Like I have only, I mean I don't have a hands-on knowledge on the other tools, other courses, I know about the Terraform, Ansible, and Docker also. Docker I have five months hands-on experience, that's it, for the containerization, that's it. What about the operating system in the computer network part? Sorry? What about the operating system in the computer network part? Yeah, that I don't know. I hope that you understand that Linux is something which is very very important. Yeah. Right. So you are not really going to be exposed towards that. In that Linux also I have little bit knowledge on that that the self-scripting and all. I don't have any complete idea on that. Okay. So like, let me understand one thing. How many companies have you worked with again? Two only. Two companies. So when you made a switch, you switched into a service based company, why not a product based company? It's like when I'm giving an interview to the companies I have attended, which the company have selected me and given a good package I have selected that only. I didn't see product and service based. Okay. So like do you plan to go to a company maybe like Amazon or Microsoft in future? Yeah, I am planning but not now because I'm taking one more year to work with this company. No, no. I mean like see even if in case you actually plan to go to a company like Microsoft or Amazon that is ideally something that is going to take time because again, see understand. Let's suppose if in case we talk about a current role, you want to do DevOps right. Ideally I believe you would want to move ahead with that. There could be a couple of things like for example, you would want to target the role of a site reliability engineer maybe or maybe above that you would also want to target the role of a DevOps architect as well in future. So when we talk about that particular role, you can understand it. Let's suppose if in case I'm rating myself three out of five in six years I have reached three. So I'll need to like I'll need significant amount of time to reach five as well and that is when I'll be able to put myself up for the role of a DevOps architect as well or SRE for an exam. So if in case you want to take that up like in a year or somewhat around that time, don't you think that it would actually be a right time for you to like start upscaling as well for that? Yeah, that needed. Right. Right. So that is one. So how did you came across Scalar? Manjula? In YouTube. Okay. Anything that you understood about Scalar? No, I haven't checked the website yet. You haven't? Fine. Yeah. So just to give you an idea about what Scalar Academy is, right? So basically we are a training platform, right? We basically help software engineers to upscale and you know like move into a better role with a product based company, right? Now considering that you are into DevOps, what do we do for DevOps engineers? So ideally we help you with a training program which is into DevOps that ideally helps you target a role of a senior DevOps engineer with a product based company or might let's suppose if in case you are good with experience like you have six and a half years of experience altogether, right? So with that you would also be able to target the role of an SRE which is again above a DevOps engineer so that it is easier for you to like you know target the role of a DevOps architect in future, right? But again when we talk about the requirements, right? So at least are you by any chance aware about you know what are the requirements in a product based company if in case you actually are a DevOps engineer there? No, I don't know about the requirements you are talking about. Fine. So just to give you an idea, right? What again like they you know like count you on. So they play an emphatic role in terms of Python. I believe you understand that you know Python is a non-negotiable for DevOps engineers, right? So they emphasize a lot on Python. They emphasize a lot on your operating system and you know your committee network part, right? That is about your automation and scripting majorly, right? They emphasize a lot on CI CD pipelines, right? They emphasize a lot on you know like how do you handle infrastructure as cloud which is IEC, right? Then your containers, orchestration, cloud platforms, how do you monitor and log in, right? All of these things are covered, right? So what Scalar does is, Scalar basically have made a program wherein what we do is we basically cover all of these things step by step, right? Okay. Starting from helping you with Python because what I feel right now is that you do not really use Python on a daily basis right now. Right. So let's suppose even if in case I would actually ask you to like write a code or an algorithm right now in Python, that might be something which is difficult for you. That might be difficult for you at this one time. Correct? So what we do is we basically start with Python, right? After which we move towards DSA. That is your data structure and algorithms. Now, you might be in a question that why do I need to learn programming as a DevOps engineer? Correct. Because again DevOps engineers they do not really need a lot of programming or coding skills. Right? I have a small question for you. Do you use Google? Yeah. You use Google, right? Are you aware about this thing called Doodle? The images on Google, every special occasion they have that. Yeah, I have heard about that. How does Doodle work? I haven't yet. Sorry. I mean like what is the role of DevOps engineer in Doodle? Any idea? No. Okay. So see, you understand that developer writes a code, correct? Yeah. What is the role of a DevOps engineer there? To check whether the code is running smoothly or not. Yeah. Right. Now, so when we talk about the Doodle from Google, right, it is changed by a DevOps engineer, not a developer. Right. Now, as a site reliability engineer in future, for an example, when we talk about, right, you know that you need to be good with programming by, because let's suppose tomorrow if in case you are working on the deployment of any particular XYZ product, right, and it actually throws an error. Right. Again, you will have to report that error. Yeah, you need to. You need to report that error. Now, to report that error, first of all, you will have to understand about why the error is coming in the first place. Correct. So, when we talk about the role of a DevOps architect, right, why it becomes important for you to learn programming is because whenever anything is developed from scratch in any particular company, the developers and the DevOps part, people, they sit together and they discuss things out that how this workflow is going to happen. Right. So, there, if in case I do not have a brief knowledge about programming, it will ideally be difficult for me as a DevOps architect to find out the mistakes that the development team might be making here. That would cause, you know, like hurdles for the smooth process here. Right. So, what we do is for the first month, we focus on the Python part. The next four months, we focus on the DSA part. Right. After which, then we move into Linux. Right. Wherein, what we do is we basically take you through Linux, shell scripting, computer network, software system, process management, SQL. Right. So, that you can actually understand the practical problem solving and analysis and situation based questions. Okay. Now, after which, then we move towards a core DevOps. That would be about your DevOps tools and AWS. Right. Now, right now as well, I believe you are working on AWS itself. Yeah. AWS as well. You are working on AWS. What are the kind of things that you like use in AWS right now? At present, we have used only S3 buckets to store the data. Sorry? S3 buckets to store the data. Only S3? Yeah. They have, they didn't give any access to AWS. Wow. Wow. Wow. Okay. I believe you know that when we talk about AWS, it's way, way, way too big than that. Right. Yes. They have so many services in AWS. Exactly. Exactly. So, what we do at AWS is that again, you know, like we also cannot teach you anything and everything. Right. But when we talk about AWS, what we do is basically try to cover most important things. Like for example, starting with EC2, ECS, EKS, ECR. Yes. Right. Multifactor authentication, Lambda, Fargate, Leastech, Beanstalk, they can do CI, CD, like CodeCommit, CodeBuild, CodePipeline, CodeDeploy, RDS, Aurora, Redshift, CloudFormation, SQS, SNS. I'll give you the details, not to worry about that. So, what we try to do is we basically help you get a full legit understanding about cloud. Because tomorrow, let's suppose if in case you talk about Amazon itself, the company. Now, Amazon has its own cloud that is AWS. Yes. Yes. Yes. Tomorrow, let's suppose if in case you would want to target it, like you know, Amazon itself, they would ask you about cloud. Now, there I cannot just tell them that you know, I'm only, you know, aware about S3. Because then they'll actually ask you like, you know, if in case we actually would meet any sort of requirements, how would it help? In that sense. Correct. So, that is where your program ends. DevOps, right? But again, yes. Now, we are ready to put up a foot towards the role of DevOps in a product based company. But again, you know, our career is much more than that. We also would want to like, you know, go into a role of a side reliability engineer in future. Right? So, for that again, you know, like there are certain things like, for example, you will need to have an understanding about architecture as well. That how an architecture of a product works. Right? So, this is how Scalar basically helps you in a nutshell, first of all. Any questions on this, Manjula? No, nothing. This looks fine. Correct? Yes. Cool. Okay. Now, second thing. Apart from this, what are the other things that we basically help you with? Okay. So, two things I'll tell you here, so that you can actually get a better understanding. First is about case studies. Now, see, let's suppose if in case we are discussing all of these things. Now, we have worked with Terraform, we have worked with Docker and Kubernetes. Correct? If not, what about Ansible? Yeah, Ansible, little bit, I know. Ansible, little bit, you know. Like a small plate thing. Okay. What about Chef and Puppet? No, I don't know. GetOps, ArgoCD? No, I don't know about that. Okay. Just like that, there are other tools, like for example, from Ethereus or Grafana. Right? What Scalar does is that in this particular part, now see, if in case I tell you anything theoretically, right, the way that I am telling you now, right, 50% of things will actually go inside your head and 50% of it will go over your head, honestly. Yes. That is what happens, right? So, what we try to do here is we try to give you a practical exposure towards that. So, in the meantime, what will happen is that you will go through approximately 50 different case studies. Okay. Case studies as in like real life scenarios. In case we are actually talking about Grafana, for an example, or Ansible. Ansible you have used a bit, so that you will be able to relate. If in case we are talking about Ansible, so you will be able to understand Ansible through a real life scenario. You know how Ansible basically works. Yes. Right. So, just like that you will have different case studies, so that you will be able to understand DevOps cloud and DevOps tools in a better manner. That is first. Second, when we talk about you moving towards a product based company, you mentioned that, you know, whatever offers that you actually got the time that you were switching, they were from a service based company itself. Right? So, did you also not apply to any product based company or like how was it? Sorry? I am saying like by the time that you were switching, you told me that you know, you could only get offers from a service based company, not a product based company. No, no, like not like that. I didn't get any offer like that. You did not get any offer, right? Yeah. Right. So, like did you apply to any product based companies? No. You did not even apply. Why? I didn't, I mean I didn't apply. I didn't mean to apply. I just shared my resume. So, I just selected consultants. Consultants are there. So, they have contacted me. That's it. Okay. Okay. Okay. So, you were not really actively looking for a job. You just put out your resume and you actually got it. Yeah. At that time, I have just put on my resume on that website. I can, I can understand. I can understand. Totally. Yeah. So, Manjira, what are we going to do here? Is he understand? I mean like considering that you are a DevOps engineer and let's say, if in case now you are clear inside your head that, you know, I want to go for something big now because I have spent significant amount of time. So, we ideally would need some sort of a roadmap, some sort of a guide, right? For example, as we were taking example of Amazon. Right. Let's suppose tomorrow if in case you would want to go to Amazon as a DevOps engineer, I would want to get a better understanding about how things actually takes place in Amazon. How do I actually become a DevOps engineer with Amazon? Right. Now for that, who do you think can actually be a perfect person to guide you? According to you. Guidance means like a... I mean like for an example, let's suppose if in case I am a DevOps engineer, right? I want to target a product based company. Now I need guidance from someone, right? Who should I go to? Like what kind of a person should I go to? According to you. According to me, like when I have did my course to that consultant, I will go with that only. Okay. Like to like not troubling you anymore. But yeah, just giving you an idea. So what Scalar does is that Scalar gives you a guide which is called as a mentor. Okay. What is this mentor here, Manjula? Mentor is someone who ideally is a DevOps engineer or a senior DevOps engineer himself, but in a product based company. And the difference here will be the person will have more experience than you, right? And will be sitting at least a couple of profiles higher than you. Can be from Amazon, can be from Microsoft, can be from any tiering product based company, right? What is his role? His role is very simple. When you come on the platform, before you start your program, Scalar, you first of all speak to your mentor. Now, what do you speak about? For an example, you told me certain things that I have used in this course. I have used this as technologies into DevOps. And this is the amount of work that I have done in DevOps till now, right? Now, what my job here is to tell you first of all about what am I missing in my profile. Okay. With respect to my experience, that is again six, seven years, right? What are the things that I'm missing out on? And what are the things that I need to learn on a like eager basis? Okay, first. Okay. Second, to help me understand and set up a road map as to if in case I want to take my career to a new height, how do I get there? What is the road map? What are the kind of things that I need to learn? Second, right? Now, after that, you have a road map. Now, you have a clarity. You will start working on it. Okay. Every couple of weeks for 20 days, you will be able to speak to your mentor about any career advice, any issues with the program, your portfolio, your projects, your resume building, LinkedIn, your preparation, your communication, anything. But most importantly, your mentor is going to prepare you for interviews. Now, let's suppose tomorrow, if in case you actually get a call from a company like maybe Adobe, for an example. Would you be nervous? Yeah. You would be nervous. Why? Because we might have not appeared for a big, for a company as big as Adobe till now. Yes. Might be the biggest opportunity in my career till now. Right? I'll be nervous. Right. So for that, what happens is that as soon as you complete every module at Scalar, you will be having a compulsory mock interview with your mentor. It has a very simple agenda. The agenda is to prepare you or to like, you know, give you an idea about how an interview happens in a product based company. Because generally, like, you know, to give you an idea, you know, it's scenario based. Like, you know, give you a question, like for an example, companies can actually ask you like, you know, let's suppose you discover that the deployment pipeline is consistently failing during the testing phase. How would you troubleshoot and resolve the issue? One example. Second, you are tasked with implementing a disaster recovery plan for a mission critical system. Describe the key components and steps involved in this plan. Right. Now, when we talk about this kind of scenarios, right, let's suppose if in case I'm someone who has not worked practically with the kind of tools and the kind of things that I have, I'll not be able to answer that question. Because I'll not be able to create a logic behind it. Correct? So that is what it meant it does. So the whole game of having this mock interview is to help you get a feedback upon your learning, whether the things that you're learning right now, is it something which is going to help you or not? As simple as that. Right. Last but not the least is about your placements. Again. So scalar, at the end of your program also helps you with placements. Right. So currently we have a pool of approximately 900 companies. Right. And ideally we help you with the placements as well at the end of the program. So right now let's suppose if in case you're a 25, I guess you would be aiming something upwards of 30-35 by now. 32. 30-32. Fine. 32 is what you're aiming for an example. Right. So ideally yes, that is what we're going to help you with in terms of your placements after you complete this particular program. So the program ideally will have a duration of 11 to 12 months as you are looking out for. So 11 to 12 months. Yes. I'll tell you why as well. I guess you have become a mother so you'll be able to relate to it very easily. The program is basically made in a manner that we do not really put a lot of stress on you. Now see, you're a working professional. What was the time lining? Yeah, coming to that itself. So the classes happens on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays. But it happens in the night. That is 9 to 11. Yeah. So that you can finish off your work. You can chill for a bit and then you can actually take a class. And that, by the way, this class is live. It's not recorded. Okay. So that you'll be able to have a live one-on-one interaction. Now this is what. Now, tell me one thing for you first of all. We have actually had a long discussion. I'm not very sure that you know how much of a duty you understood. So is this your WhatsApp number by Anishanth Manjula? It's 7842760130. I'm sharing you one link. That is about our website. Do one thing. Spare some time. Whenever you're going to sleep or whatsoever. Go through the website to get a better understanding about what I've discussed with you. So that you know, you will be able to see the kind of things that we cover in the program and you will be able to relate it to it in a much better manner. First. Second, we actually have something called as a process wherein we try to test your technical aptitude a bit as well. Right. So I will be sharing a test with you. Right. Which will have 16 MCQ questions. Multiple choice. Okay. What you have to do is spare 20 minutes of your time through your phone if possible. Right. Attempt the test before 12 o'clock. Midnight. Okay. Right. Attempt the test. Go through the details. What I'll do is I'll try to connect back with you tomorrow around same time itself. So that you can get finished off your work and then we can actually have a conversation in peace. Sure. Fine. Yeah. Yeah. That link with that test link will be open and mobile. Yeah. That will open and mobile. I'll send you to your mail id that is Manjula. sk4400gmail.com Yes. Right. Yeah. I'll share the link with you for the test on your mail. For the website I'll share it with you on your WhatsApp. Go through that and then we'll connect tomorrow. Okay. Yeah. Sure. And I have one question. Yes. Is that Sorry. I have one I have one friend like she is a fresher. Not a fresher. She has completed her degree. Okay. In 18 I think. Okay. 19. Okay. Okay. But she is looking for a job. So she need guidance and proper course to do any course. So that she is looking for that. Course into? DevOps. Okay. DevOps itself. Yeah. So what you can do is I'll share the details with you. You can forward the details to her as well. The program that we have actually designed is basically for everyone. Like you know even if you are a fresher or even if you actually are doing very good in DevOps already. So no she is like she haven't worked on DevOps but she is looking for DevOps course. Understood. Understood. Yeah. I mean like yes you can like forward the website to her once. She can have a look and then yeah I'll try to connect with her as well. Not an issue with that. Yeah sure. Okay. Yeah. So I'll just you know share the testing with you on your mail and the website on your WhatsApp. Do go through that. We'll connect tomorrow around 7.30 itself again. Okay. Sure. Sure. Okay Manjula. Yeah. It was really nice speaking with you. Thank you. Thank you.