Hello, Hello, Yeah, who is this? Yeah, I got a call from this number. Okay, I know your name? Manjula. Manjula? Yes. Hi Manjula, how are you? I am fine. Hi, I am Manjula. I am a Senior Tech Consultant from Hyderabad division. From where? I am a Senior Tech Consultant from Scaler Academy Hyderabad division. Right. Recently you registered in Scaler Academy, right? Yes. Right, it seems like you discussed about the program with your husband. Yes. Right, and you wrote a test. How was the test for you? Not bad and not good. Not bad and not good. Where did you find it challenging? I think all are like UPSC exams. All the questions are like that. How many months have you been preparing for the exams? It has been 2-3 years. 2-3 years? Yes. Did you have any gap in between? No gap. I have been working continuously. I mean, I have been working in this presently for the last 2 years. Okay, how many years before that? 5 years. Okay, so where did you spend the last 7 years? I don't know. Sorry, I don't understand. You said you spent the last 6 years. What did you spend the last 6 years? In IT or Non-IT? In IT. Okay, in IT. What did you do? DevOps engineer. Tech specialist. Okay, DevOps engineer. So, did you work in a service company or product company? Hmm. You have experience in a service based company or product based company? Service based. You have experience in a service based company. And why do you think that after 6 years, this is the right time for you to upscale? Upscale means like, presently from last 6 months I am on maternity leave. I just seen one advertisement that like giving a session of Docker and Kubernetes. So, I thought to attend the session. So, I have to renew my knowledge of like upscale my knowledge. Sure. I just registered. Manju, I believe like after you registered for the master class, there is a particular counselor of yours wherein my junior have reached out to you regarding a particular DevOps journey. Right. They might have given you a detailed idea like what are you going to learn and how are you going to learn? Hmm. Did you get an idea according to that? Yeah, I got an idea. Any doubts you want to ask? You couldn't ask last time. Do you have any doubts? I have no doubts. I don't have any doubts. I am fine. But I need some time. What for? They told me that from classes to one year 11 months. I forgot. Okay, I will tell you in detail. Suppose you are a DevOps engineer. What are your roles and responsibilities in the current company? My roles and responsibilities are that we have a team DevOps and we have to do deployment in three environments. Okay. I think you worked on Scrum. Hmm. What do you call it? You are doing this on a daily basis. We have daily tasks. We work on tasks and they give us time for deployment. I see. So, you are working on Sprint. Okay. And deployment? Was it in-house applications or scalable applications like millions of users? Or enhancement projects? I don't understand. Enhancement projects or end-to-end projects you have developed as a core? Not an end-to-end project. We migrated to on-premises. Okay. So, performance improvement. Yeah. Right. So, what did you see in the six years of journey? Did you ever try to productize companies in these six years? I didn't try anything in particular. I saw two interviews. Which company? In the beginning, D-something D-shop. D-shop is a good company. P-W-C. There is another company. Is that also a service company? It is a service based company. They call it product based. It is a hybrid company. When majority of the hiring is done, it is a service based company. When it is product based, no one reaches out to you. Obviously, when so many companies reach out, they have short-lit. So, did you ever try anything in your company? No. I didn't do anything. I didn't do anything in the interview. Are you in the comfort zone now? Not like that. I am in the comfort zone now. It is simple. My father is in the maternity ward recently. He is working from home now. He is working from home. So, I have monthly salary. What else do I need? It is nothing like that. Just for six months. My father is working from one year to one and half year. You also have a problem with growth. When the industry is doing well, there are people who take better CTC than you in the market. Yes. As a DevOps engineer, your role is not to participate in enhancement, modification, migration projects. You are a decision factor. Silicon Valley companies or product companies. You are a decision factor for them. I have to prefer a particular architecture to this particular environment. From that, I have to decide whether to deploy in AWS, Azure or GCP. This decision, initial decision, architecture, final decision, deployment environment. You decide that. Do you have those skills? No, exactly. I have to say that. Previously, there was an architecture for that. Here, you don't need LLD. You don't have work in low-level architecture. But you have HLD. You need high-level designing. How is caching happening? How is caching happening? How is sorting happening? How is scaling happening? How are load balancers working? How is Kubernetes, Stalkers, containerization happening? How are distributor systems? You have to learn all these. There are 100 courses for you to learn syllabus. You said that you can sit in these particular commitments and watch the recording video. Is that recording video helpful? Even if I watch the recording video, it doesn't become an atom. And what if I tell you? It's not a complete practical. I will give you a person who wants to sit with you whenever you have a doubt. He will solve your doubts with video. Will it help you? I don't understand how it works. How does it work? Suppose you are learning a topic. What is more important for a particular person? An environment. Suppose I take you to a company and you are doing better than everyone else. You are happy. I take you to a group of people. I will give you a better salary than you. Will you learn better than them? We will create an environment like that. Then we will provide you a complete roadmap. What will you learn? How will you learn? Why will you learn? You will get an idea of what you are going to learn. What you need in the industry. What is more important than this? They should tell you who has already done it. I will call you and tell you what DevOps engineering is. If you want DevOps, you can not have it. But if someone is already working as a DevOps engineer, developer, data scientist, you will know better. A good teacher produces a good student. If someone is already working in the industry, they will give you classes. You are a working mother. You have time issues. You have classes for a week. Monday, Wednesday, Friday. You have a batch in the morning at 7 am. Otherwise, you have a batch at 9 pm. The baby will sleep at any time. In the morning or evening. You can attend classes from 9 pm. It will be 9, 11, 12. You can clear your doubts in the class card. We have mainly built DevOps programs. You are eligible for cloud engineering, platform engineering, DevOps architect, site reliability engineer, and DevOps engineer positions. You need AWS, Docker, Kubernetes, Jenkins, Terraform, Ansible. You need tools to build it from basics. How does it work? You need a programming language. Do you know Python? No. Which programming language is comfortable? I can speak in Telugu. Can I hold it for a minute? No, it is okay. I can speak in Telugu. I can speak in Telugu. Basically, you need a programming language to provide better versions for scripting. A developer has to coordinate with them. You need programming. The foundation is for automation and streamlining. You use coding there. You can learn Python there. Yes. First, you learn Python for a month. After that, you learn DSA. Data Structures and Algorithms. You need to secure it in DevOps and cloud computing. You need to do robust bit manipulation. You learn DSA for four months. Four months? Yes, four months. From basics to problem solving, you learn everything. Then, you learn Linux. You need a good grip on the operating system. You need to have an idea about computer networks. Linux is for day-to-day operating systems. You learn Linux to handle problem solving, analysis and situational questions. That's three months. You cover shell scripting, computer networks, process management, SQL. Next, you learn DevOps tools. You learn DevOps to maintain a complete process and streamlining. You learn Docs, Kubernetes, Ansible, Promptious, JIT, and many other essential tools. You learn Graphana, JIT OBS, Argo, CI, CID, Puppet. You learn all these. Then, you learn cloud environment. Azure is used by B2B companies. Every company has 90 to 95 projects in Amazon Web Services. Scalar is a product company. The database we use is also Amazon Web Services. You learn Amazon Web Services for two months. You learn EC2, ECS, EKR, ECR, Lambda, and other Amazon Web Services. Next, you learn system design. You need high-level design to go to site reliability, platform engineering, and engineering teams. Here, you learn high-level design through case studies. We have a platform environment for hand production issues, infrastructure automation, and CI-CD pipelines. We work on 34-plus real-time case studies. You gain a complete hands-on experience. Clear? Yes. How do you teach AEM? I don't know. You have seen different modules. After each module, you have to do a mock interview. You will learn how much knowledge you have gained in this module. You will get real-time feedback. If you make a mistake, you will learn again. You will have doubt experts to solve your doubts. If you have doubt experts, you can raise a video call and explain it to them. We will streamline your journey so that you can be a great DevOps engineer. Once you are confident in your mock interview, you will be able to unlock the placement portal. You can go and sit in the placement. You can apply from the company scalers to the companies above 700. You will have a separate team for that. They will try to improve your resume, LinkedIn profile, interview mindset, and soft skills. Any questions? The duration is 11 months? Yes, 12 months. Is there no cut-off in duration? I have been doing this for 5-6 months. I came here for the syllabus only. I wanted to learn content only. I wanted to learn content on YouTube. I am complying with the scaler. I wanted to join home. I want to grow my career for the next 10 years. I want to go to architecture. I want to invest time. Your daughter is small. You have time. Your daughter needs more attention. You will get free time to study. She needs more support from you. You have 6 years of experience. If you wait for 2-3 years, you will be a DevOps engineer. You will be a tech engineer. Although you are a 패 But your CS is good or taking up your zero Но Placement is different, you can sit for interviews when you are confident. You can sit for 10 months, 19 months, 20 months, it doesn't matter. So it depends. The efforts we provide, mock interviews, all these will be at their place. When you are confident and you can sit, you can start applying. Or you can refer your plans to outside companies, you need guidance for interview. You can utilize that too. Duration? Time duration? 2 and a half hours to 3 hours. 2 and a half to 3 hours. You have classes for a week or 3 days. Saturday, Sunday, holiday, you can do revision on those days. If you have courses outside, I can refer you. We have a Nareish IT guy outside. He will give you DevOps courses. He will complete it in 6 months or 4 months. Do you think that will help? I will tell something to my 300 members. You tell me if it will help. 300 members are coming out of every batch. He will make a batch for every 12 rolls. Tell me where are they going? When the engineering was completed, I couldn't join Nareish IT. That's it. So, when you came to Scalar, I don't feel you would have come to Scalar brand even for placements. Because you wanted to put efforts. If you are putting in efforts and consistency, the rest is all we take care. I can guarantee you. What do you say Manju? When should we start? The batches will start from February 11. Because recruitment will start in the next 12 months. Seasonal hiring will start. So, we will start a batch now. We will have top level mentors. We will allocate them on your specific profile. Once your dashboard is activated, you will go through the classes. We will give recording classes first. Basic problem solving, maths, aptitude reasoning, etc. We will make you practice those. That is why we conduct the test. You will know where you are working and give those classes first. To practice and brush up. So, you will go through those classes for these 7 days. I will observe you. How you are attending the classes, where you are working, etc. Based on that, you will allocate the mentors set for your profile. Once your dashboard is activated, you will choose your mentors. So, you can go with the live classes. First, you will get a meet and greet session invitation from the co-founders. They will give you a complete walkthrough. You can expect anything from DevOps. What are the outcomes? What should you do? What are the 20 outcomes? So, you will get the first live class. From February 13, you will get the first class. You will have classes for the next 12 months. You can pause the class for a month if you are unable to attend the classes. If you have any particular emergency, or if you have any occasions, or if you have any functions, you can pause the class for a month. Because you cannot balance the classes. You cannot manage the classes based on the functions. So, you can pause the class. You can stop there and continue the same class for a month. That is also live classes. You need to go through the recording classes. You need to have that flexibility. If you cannot manage the pace after two months, and you want to start again, you can reset the class and continue from the first class. You need to have that flexibility. You will have a support team in your contact. I will be there to support you. My support team will be there to help you out. What about fee structure? You did not tell me about the last time. I did not. Since you cleared the entrance test, you will get 55,000 scholarship posts. If you check the total course fees on the website, you will get 3,69,000. Okay. In that, you will get 55,000 minus and 3,14,000 is the final course fees. Including the complete curriculum, placements, mentorships, etc. and with GST. In that 3,14,000, you will pay only 20,000. That is your admission fees. You can convert the remaining amount into EMI. Okay. When should I pay the EMI? You will have EMI in March. You can choose the date from 1st to 10th of March. The EMI will start from 6th. You can choose that too. It may be 18 months, 24 months, 36, 48, 60 months. You can go to the particular EMI tenure that fits your pocket. No cost EMI means you will get 12,000 per month. 12,250 rupees per month. Okay. Any questions or concerns? You can be really honest. I called you because of a simple thing. Your doubts, your expectations, your wishes from the scaler, I want to tell you what I can deliver from my side. You can really openly discuss any concerns you have. I will help you out. It is so nice but I don't have time to join. I told you earlier that I can't start the process for 18 days. Even if you leave saying you can't join, I can't help you even if I want to join. Because I handle 100-200 people. How many people will register in the scaler? I can't give you this much bandwidth for each profile. You are asking for one day and two days. I will give you time till 27th. February 27th is the observation period. You are starting the first class on 11th. From there, you have 14 days. Till 26th, 27th is the observation period. If you feel you are not getting it because of you, if you feel you are not getting help, you can opt out. Your 20,000 will be refunded and EMI will stop. If you want to continue, you can continue. Instead of thinking about whether you can do it or not, what I recommend is to experience it. Go and discuss with instructors and mentors. Talk to your batch mates. So that you get a confidence. You can decide whether you can do it or not. If you feel you are doing well, you can continue. If you feel you are not getting it, you can drop out. Okay. Let me think and let me discuss with my husband. How much time do you expect, buddy? Today and tomorrow I will confirm. I will ask you to confirm. First, you do research. I will send you the details. After you do the research, we will connect over Google Meet tomorrow. I will send you an invitation. What is your husband doing? First, ask him. He is a Deputy Manager in the Correction Department, HFSC Bank. Superb. Tomorrow is his birthday, right? Take your husband with you. He is your guardian. You and he should join the Google Meet. I will come with you. I will provide you with a walkthrough. What is your program? What is happening? What are the outcomes? Who are the alumni? I will show you everything. If you have any doubts, I will clear your doubts first. Then I will discuss with you about your doubts on your profile. If you say yes from my side, and yes from your side, we will take it ahead. If you say no, I will not be able to see your profile. If you say no, we will be dropping your profile. What do you say? Will that work? Hello. Hello. Yeah, Manju. So, when are you comfortable tomorrow? After 9. After 9? Even on Sunday? Yeah, like we have some commitments on tomorrow. Then what do you say tomorrow? Today at 9? Okay. Today at 9? Yes. I will send you a meeting link today. Right. I will share the meeting link invitation. So, somewhere around 9 o'clock, join that meeting. You and your husband. So, about the DevOps program. You have already discussed it, right? After the last discussion. So, do you have any doubts about your husband? I didn't get time to talk. I had some health issues. I had health issues. So, I am recovering. Okay, you are recovering. So, let's talk about the program with your husband. Because, you are in a discussion with us. You have an idea about the scalar. So, probably, scalar might be the new thing for your husband. Like, what will he do with the scalar? Why does he call it scalar? I will explain. So, you have been following the scalar for 200 days. Yeah. And before maternity leave, for the same classes, I have to register. Unfortunately, I have not attended. This time also happens the same thing. See, that's why I am telling you. So, whether time is being managed or not, there are lot more people. Working mothers, there are many people who are doing the scalar program. So, yesterday a student joined. His name is Aayush. His wife's due date is 27th. So, there are many parents who are doing the program. Because, you all have got time now. Yes. Tomorrow, you will not get time. You will start to pop up. If you have any commitments, your husband will have the same commitments. Of course, he can also increase his commitments. Right? If they come to school, do you have an idea about the school fees? Yeah. Did you plan something? I have planned to go to school. If I have an idea about Oak Ridge or Rockwood, I will get 10 lakhs from them. Because, my friend is in Bangalore, near the work location. My colleague, he went to Oak Ridge to join the nursery. Roughly, how much would you have asked for the fees? For nursery? For nursery, 1 lakh. There are many schools. Oak Ridge is an international city. You are asking for 1 lakh. You asked for 3.5 lakhs. For nursery, 3.5 lakhs. I thought, 3.5 lakhs is the total engineering. Yes. It is like that. If you get school fees, college fees, if you think, you have no strength, you might think, you should become a doctor. You might think, you should become a doctor. You might think, you should become a doctor. Should I get ready for a year for medical school? Obviously. If you think, I will learn and upskill then you will get time. Right. Time is money. If you think about the cost of 3 lakhs and wait, you will get 3 lakhs automatically when you switch to other companies. That is what is the next career choice? If you put this one year effort, next 10 years, if it is a compensation, it is a sort out. If you think, once a product company has put a stamp in your resume, and you have worked in this company, network is built, better referrals are coming, and better community is found. What else do you want? Certification is provided. You will get a certificate after this. You can post it in LinkedIn. After every module, after mock interview, you will get a certificate in that module. You can add that too. Certified course like AWS certification. You can add AWS in Scalar. Tell them you have done it in Scalar. Because this is more than world recognized Scalar program. Because it is tied up with Wolf University and European nations. We have a Masters program. And in Scalar, if you compare the stats, more students, from Scalar to Amazon, IITs and NITs, compared, there are more from Scalar and Amazon. If you compare the stats, you should not worry. Because placement record is somewhere 93% in our country. If you put the reference, rest is all we take care. Even those who are not experienced, can join. Exactly. There are 3 different batches. Beginner, Intermediate, Advanced. After activating your dashboard, you will write an exam. On the basis of exam, your knowledge, suppose you are writing code well, you will go to advanced, or you are interested in coding, you will go to intermediate, you are going to beginnner. Beginner is for non-tech, freshers, who want to form a career in IT. Or for those who are already experienced in problem solving, intermediate batch. Do you know anyone? I know a person, who has done a research on Saab for 2 years. What did she do? She worked on Saab. Saab is a reporting tool. Now, it is outdated. Now, it overtakes tabs, powerbys, etc. Now, she wants to come on DevOps. What I prefer is, she has seen Saab and she wants to work in data science. Data? Data science. She has a data science program in Scalar. She wants to learn data science in an artificial intelligence machine. That is what she wants to learn. So, what is it? Suppose you are on board, you will get a coupon code for your profile. You can refer your friend. I have given you scholarship. You will get that benefit. Refer your friend. Here, we provide referral bonus. Suppose you have referred your friend. You will get 10,000 bonus. That is the monetary benefit. Once you are on boarding, you can share your friend's details. I will interact with her and share details. She will get benefit by using your coupon code. That is what I mean. How about the placement for her? The placement is the same. We have companies. Obviously, she has the same recruitment. She has mock interviews like you. After each module, she gets opportunities when she clears them. With that one program, she is a business analyst. I am working now. I am not worried about that. She is not working. She is going to 100% placement. See, I am not a magician. I am not a magician. I am not cheating. I am training you every day. I am telling you every day. I am using you and implementing you. Yes. My parents used to tell me that I cannot drink alcohol. I will take you to interview work and make you sit. I will teach you all the skills you need. What can I do if you cannot do the interview? That is our wish. Right. Even if she is not working, if she is making efforts, if she is able to learn what she has been told, the placement will be good. If you have the skills, why don't you take the company? You should be scared when you don't have the skills. In 2024, skills are your job. Any other doubts? No. Let us connect at 9 o'clock in Google Meet. Can we connect in mobile also? It will open. I prefer laptop. Laptop is an issue. I like hard disk. Do you have any other laptop? No. I have office laptop. I cannot log in. Can you both watch the screen comfortably from mobile? Yes. I can watch it if I connect mobile. You can join in mobile. I have no problem. But I am asking if you can watch the screen comfortably. Yes. I have no problem if you manage it. I will send the agenda of the meeting. There will be three parts. First part is your doubts. From you and your husband. Any doubts, career, placement, alumni, job or journey, these doubts will be clearing all your doubts. Second part is as a management we have questions to take you as a student. We discuss them there. This journey is 11 months, 12 months journey. We have to personalize for you. Based on those questions, we have personalized you. How to be a mentor, how to be a teaching assistant, how to teach skills, we know that in the second part. Third part is from your side, our team will send you an offer letter. In that letter, you will have complete details about what you are going to learn from the scaler and meet and greet invitation. You will get a payment link. Our students will record the meeting there. They will complete the payment and activate the dashboard. Once the dashboard is activated, you will start exploring classes. In the meantime, I will allocate mentors. I will complete the credit card, debit card, phone pay, Google pay and any other process. DMIs will start next month. Clear? Any questions? No. So, 9 o'clock works for you? Yes. Right. I have shared the meeting link at 9 o'clock. Manju, where can I confirm your email? manjula.sk44 and gmail.com Great. I will send you the email and WhatsApp details. I will share the details on WhatsApp. You can go through. I will send you the link on the devops curriculum. You can open it and see the assignments, projects, skills and who is the teacher. You can find the details on the website. If you have any doubts, just note it down on the paper. We will connect at 9 o'clock. I will clear it. Where is Hyderabad? Where are you from? Kukatpalli. How far is Forum Sujana? KBHP. Kukatpalli is near Sivaalaya. Our alumni is there at Forum Sujana. Mani Deepak is there. He is a Scalar student. He worked in TCS. He is working in Slice. He is working in payment application. Where? He is working in Slice. Did you hear? He is working in Slice. He is working in Microsoft. He is working in Slice. He is also working in Telugu. I will talk to him. If you have any suggestions, I will refer you. He will be helping you. Be it anything, feel free. We will discuss at 9 o'clock. If everything goes well, we can take it. Okay.