Hello. Hello. Yeah, is this Manjula? Yes. Yeah, Manjula. Hi, good evening. I'm Sumit Pundit and I'm the lead consultant. I'm calling you from Scaler. How are you? Yeah, I'm fine. So Manjula, I'll just take five minutes of yours. Right? I hope you don't mind it. Yeah, go ahead. So Manjula, you were in touch with few of my junior executives in the past, right? Yes. And as I can see on your portfolio, you have also given the test, right? Yeah. You have cleared it. So I am currently looking for folks having five to 10 years of experience in the industry, right? And currently working as a DevOps engineer. Yes. Okay. And your profile, you know, seems to be perfect for that. Right? So I hope you had a discussion clearly with the team previously as well. Yeah. Right. So what went wrong? I just want to understand, Manjula, you were you have given the test, you have taken the test. And you're, you know, pretty too upscale also going forward, you know, in your career. So what went wrong at that time? I already said I needed time for one or two months. And what is the reason, main reason, if I may ask you? Some personal reasons. Because you know, this batch, this training we are starting, we are considering people like your profile. Yeah, I can understand. I have already discussed with the team also. They are also the timings and the course is starting soon. But I need some, have some personal issues. So that's the reason I think that. See, Manjula, if this is related to the fees part, the financial part, I can help you out. Let me tell you that very clearly. Okay. I can understand. But if money is the issue, you let me know, I will help you out with everything. Right? I have a baby, but I have some recent, I got some personal issues. So that's the reason I need time. See, later on, we might not be having the similar sort of opportunities like what we have right now. And since after six years of experience, you're getting 25 lakh rupees package in the industry. Right? So you're also aware that this is not as per the industry standards. So, you know, we'll have to come out of the comfort zone somehow, I feel, because we are active on the platform since one year now, right? 247 days. It's a long time. Right? Okay. And you know, next two, three months, four months will not make any such difference. Right? But it can make a difference in your portfolio. Let me tell you that, Manjula. And I'm going to give you the observation period time as well. You're getting my point? So in observation period, you will be actually seeing it, whether you are able to invest time or not. And by any chance, you know, you feel that it is not working. You just let me know, my team now will cancel everything and we'll close your application permanently. That is not a problem. But at least you'll be trying something which is actually relevant to you. You must be planning to switch to a senior SRE role, right? Or senior DevOps role, correct? I can take you there, Manjula. But for that, you'll have to, you know, a little bit invest your time. I'm not, please don't mind that, you know, I'm not making any sort of anything imposing on you, right? But this is actually, you know, something which needs a people like you. And that is why I am today making you a call directly from my end. I can understand. And I referred to three members also. I don't know they have contacted you. Because I tell you why, Manjula, see from February, now we are talking, correct? Because especially, you know, we have started this cohort for people having five to eight years of experience in the DevOps part. And we need people like you. That's why I'm talking to you. I have each and every solution for what exactly you're looking from the last one year. And one thing, one, sorry. Can you give me one more week to get back? Manjula, the reason is 13th. I'll tell you one thing. If you have something related to the time part, right? I'll just guide you. You take the part in this particular cohort, right? You just have to attend one induction with Anshuman, okay, on the 13th. And I will give you an option of, you know, differing for one month, minimum, maximum three months. Okay, I'm going to give you that opportunity chance as well. Okay. And let's say in May month, you can again start with the course. Okay. Now you tell me how is it for you? Yeah, that I will take that induction from 13th. Okay. But for that, we need to have you on board with us, right? Yeah, for that what we need to do. See, I don't have your CV with me. You'll have to share your CV with me, right? We'll have to complete the onboarding formalities. I'll be creating a dashboard also. Okay. Right. One thing, if you feel after 13, that yes, you can be a part of the March cohort after attending one, two classes, okay, then we will take it forward. If you feel so much, no, I need one month of time. I'm okay with everything. But I need one month of time to manage my time, right on the on the personal front, right? I'm going to give you one month of deferment without any extra charges included. Okay. And we'll be a part of the group. Okay. Now you tell me, Manjula, if you are considering this option, right? Today, either we'll, you know, take it forward, I will close it permanently, right? So that nobody will also be bothering you again and again from scary if you feel like that, right? And we will be also having a conclusion. If you're actually, you know, progressively on the group, then we can take it forward as well. Yeah, I am interested, but for the time taking, that's what I'm telling you. I'm giving you the time also. Okay. Right. I'm giving you the time. We will have you onboard in this particular because this is the only batch which I have people having five to eight years of experience, right? I don't want you to sit with, you know, people having zero to three years of experience in the industry or the initial of your career, right? Because see, from here, you're going to go be on the managerial role, right? That team is sort of profile, correct? And for that, it is very important that you are having a potential networking, which is needed to, you know, to sustain and strive in this particular role. Right. So if everything is fine, and if you like the suggestion I gave, can we have you like on board with us? Yeah, I am ready. So you know about the fees part and everything, right? Yeah, fees part that have said to me that there is a negotiation in that. That's what I'm going to tell you. Negotiation is not a right word, right? Because see, this is not something you're buying, right? There's something you're investing. And this investment is going to give you a countless return. You might have seen, you know, people on LinkedIn with Scalar, right? You might have seen their growth, their transformation as well. Correct? So that sort of transformation you are also going to get, Manjula. Okay. So the fees is three lakh sixty nine thousand rupees. But since, you know, you are in five to eight year of category, and you have cleared the test as well, we're going to give you fifty five thousand rupees of scholarship upfront. Okay. Now, the fees will come down to three lakh fourteen thousand rupees. Initially, you have to pay twenty thousand rupees only to get your dashboard activated. Right? And the balance fees can be divided into five years of EMI. That is sixty months, right? And since you are already working in the industry, you are completely aware that, you know, as and when you are joining a product based company, they are paying you some sort of joining bonus. Okay. Right. So initial investment, if you see, you are just making seventy to eighty thousand rupees of investment before getting the, you know, actual transition. Right. And once you are joining a product based company, just close off the fees part of the joining bonus itself. Okay. So what, like nine months, right? Correct. Nine to twelve months, depending on how you are performing on the projects as well. Okay. You get? In between nine to twelve months, if I want to presently, I'm working somewhere, so I need to change my job. You people will help with that. Definitely. I'll tell you one thing. For example, if you have an interview with Amazon, okay, Amazon usually take four or five rounds of interview also. Right. That only don't only, you know, focus on two or three rounds. Right. And initial three rounds are related to problem solving skill. It doesn't matter if you are development or going for DevOps. Right. Both they need the problem solving skill set. Right. So we'll be having someone who's working with Amazon or working in the industry as a tech lead and they will be taking your mock interview. Right. You're getting my point. And moreover, you'll be a part of the community because as you know that in these, you know, product based company, a lot of hiring happened during a referral, right. With the help of referrals. Correct. So that referral benefit you will also be having. Okay. Right. And not only now forever. I have people with me, Manjula. Okay. Who has been a part of the platform since four years now and have taken two or three transitions as well. Right. Because for example, after two or three years again, you want to switch. Right. You don't have to go here and there that you have to come to us to my community and they will be helping out as well. And but there is so many layoffs going on. See, I'll tell you one thing. This is a myth. Right. Layoffs are going on into service based industry drastically. Right. If I talk about product based companies, only those people who are not updating themselves, right. Who are not a part of the current tech stack. Right. They're getting laid off. See, a lot of wrong hiring has been done during COVID. You're also aware about it. Right. And that is why, you know, now this 2023 and 24, a lot of firing was going on. Okay. Right. But that should not be the case with you because we are going to give you the projects also to work on. Right. So it will be working end to end by yourself. Manjula. Okay. And the sort of understanding you have not got from the last six years. Right. And this next nine to 12 months, I'm going to make sure that you're going to have that sort of exposure and diversity in your portfolio. Right. Your resume building, your LinkedIn profile building is also my and my team's responsibility. Okay. So we are not going to leave you anywhere in between. Right. Now you tell me if you are, you know, aligned towards it, right, we can take it forward. Yeah, you can go ahead. When I need to send my CV and all. See, we will be having a interview round, a virtual round also with you at 630. Today? Today. Today it's not possible. Why? Hi. Yeah, my sister's son's birthday is today. This will only take 15-20 minutes of time. It's a return or something else? No, no, no, no. We will be meeting you on a virtual meet, Google meet. Right. So it will be a recorded session wherein the first part I'll be asking you something related to your profile. Right. So that it can help us into dashboard building. Okay. Second part, you can also, you know, put down your questions, challenges, whatever you have. Right. And on the third part, if everything goes well, then I'll send you the offer letter to get yourself enrolled. You can pay 20,000 rupees and get enrolled on the platform itself. Okay. But again, I'm having to do. Sorry. I know about the timeline, but I want to do it on next Sunday. Next Sunday? Yeah. Why? From today, from tomorrow, I'm traveling to Bangalore on my brother's home and for what I'm not available. See, Manjula, it is just a five minute of process. Nothing more. If you cannot, I'm just telling you, if you cannot, you know, give me five minutes, you will not be able to give me nine to 10 minutes of time as well. Telling you very honestly. See, one thing I'll tell you, Manjula. Okay. If you will not join scale and some other will join. Right. I can understand. I'm just telling you, and this has been, but because, but today I'm talking to you why I have, you know, great proposals for people like you and joining us later on will not add that much of value, which it can add right now. You will be a part of my portfolio only. Okay. You're getting my point. So right now you might be feeling that, you know, they're pushing or it's been, but once you get the outcome, right, you will be calling me and thanking me only. I have plenty messages like that on my, you know, WhatsApp that thank you very much for being soft, you know, pushing us a little bit at that time. Otherwise we would have not been got the sort of transformation. Okay. So. Sorry. See, once the session will be done, right, I will be sending you the offer letter. You can get yourself enrolled by paying 20,000 rupees. Okay. Right. And I will activate your dashboard. The rest you can go from tomorrow, right. Best formalities will be doing the following week. Simple. So when we need to make the payment. During the session only you have to make it. So you can pay it by credit card as well. You can pay it by debit card as well, depending on your preference. And it will be refunded also, Manjula, just in case. Okay. In 14 days of time, you feel and we feel it is not working during the observation period as well. It is fully refundable to you without any single penny deduction. Okay. But at present, that money is not having with me. Come on, Manjula, you are earning 20, 26,00,000 rupees. Right. Now, now, now you tell me, don't you feel it is very high time for you to upscale that it's being the first week of the month. Right. And you're not having a salary with you or not having 20,000 rupees of saving. Right. I mean, nothing to, you know, degrade or demean you. But yes, this should clearly show how much expenses we currently have. Right. And if we are not upscaling ourselves, right, if we are not upgrading ourselves, we will be a part of the next layoff. Simple. I hope you're understanding what I'm trying to say. Right. So see, this is an opportunity for you, Manjula. It totally depends on you whether you grab it or not. But I can tell you one thing only. You will not regret even a half a percent of your decision with me right now that I can give you in a paper. Let's assume. Hello. Yeah. I'm audible to you. Yeah, you can. Yeah. So let's assume you have taken this decision 200 days back or seven, eight months back. Right. When you first spoke to the team, by now you might be sitting in a good package. So you have lost the opportunities and every opportunity is led to the opportunity cost as well. Yeah. At that time, I was pregnant and I have completely lost my virginity. I have some problems with my pregnancy. Okay. It was a high risk pregnancy. Yeah. No, no, no. I went and I can understand that. See, I'm not questioning you. I'm just telling you a scenario, right? Because I have people who are on their paternity, right? And they are also part of my program. A lot of people, you know. So it all depends how you see the thing, right? Unpaid leave also for one month. I mean, before and I'm my fifth month of time, got a risk. So that's the reason for this. My company said they have given four weeks of my due date. So before two months, I have to pay. So that's the reason I can understand. And Manjula, you're also sharing your personal, a story with me, right? Which is totally right. Because I know that you are someone who is intent to want to do it, right? But I don't know why and how something is stopping you. Because 20, 30,000 we all have if we actually want to do something. I have people, Manjula, who are having three lakh rupees of package also. You're getting my point? And a part of my program, honestly, from Accenture, right? I'm not telling like I'm not ready to join. I'm ready to join. But just I'm asking that time. Time is the only thing. Your profile is already under the procrastination tag, right? Because it's been one year already. And that is why, Manjula, today we are making a final call to you. The proposal we are giving you of five years of EMI, from April onwards, the fees is going to be four lakh eighty two thousand rupees. Right? So you can get yourself registered on the platform. There will be dashboard building. We all have to do that, right? The mentor I told you, I have to provide your mentor also. If you feel, Manjula, that yes, we can do this, right? Because it is not going to be a small relationship, right? It is going to be a long lasting relationship. I don't want to start it, you know, in a bad note. Right? I'm not that sort of a person. Right? One enrollment will not make such a difference in my portfolio as well. But this is something, you know, I hope you will also understand because you cannot have this similar sort of discussion again and again with someone. The sort of, you know, personal stuff you have to associate. Correct? So if we can take it forward, right? You can tell me, otherwise I'll block, you know, I'll just close the application permanently. But think wisely about this, Manjula. I can understand, but I don't want to close permanently. Just give me one week of time. That's it. Manjula, there is a deadline to the process, right? Let me tell you why. Currently, you are with six years of experience, right? You might be needing someone, you know, who's having 10 plus years of experience in the industry as a mentor. Correct? You will not, you know, you don't want a guy who's having, you know, six or seven years of experience in the industry to be your mentor. Right? Correct? So we also have to select the mentor. And this mentor is one on one for you, right? So your mentor selection, there is one more, you know, dashboard building and the CV building thing we will be also be doing from our side before the classes start. This is the process we follow, right? There will be a pre-request of the program as well for you to understand whether this is actually worth it or not. You're getting my point, Manjula? Yeah. So let us start this on a very, you know, positive note. The tagline that stop fishing start doing. Hello. Yeah. And regarding the time part also, the month part you told me, right? That's what one or two months I will be giving you from my side. Fine, that you said you will give, but now I just want to do one week. Manjula, if that would have been possible, I would have told you myself, I'm just telling you, you can block your seat, the formalities and everything will be due in the one week. We'll build your dashboard today. That's it. Sorry. Hello. Hello. No, nothing. You were asking? I'm having a problem. What's the problem, Manjula? Please share with me. Don't say that. You are not using credit card. Come on, man. I don't know. We all are mature enough, Manjula, right? You are a married woman, mother, correct? Hardworking professional as well. So let's take it in a very professional manner. If we are taking this thing forward, it is going to change everything for you. I'm, this is my assurance. I'm not going to take it in a very professional manner. If we are taking this thing forward, it is going to change everything for you. I'm, this is my assurance. Problem that all will say the same thing that you are earning for monthly at two lakhs. That's how you don't have money. No, no, no, no. I'm not saying. See, I, my, my, my, you know, take, take home salaries somewhere around 2.6, right? Take home, I'm telling you. And still I have a lot more expenses. My child is going to the school and you know, per month I have to 15,000 rupees for his school fees, bus, this and that. There are a lot more things, correct? Home EMI, car EMI. I have two dogs. I have old parents, right? The life is hustling on my side also. But I'm seeing it as a hustle, not as a struggle, right? I'm telling you, I spend my money somewhere else. So that's something I don't have. You can make it with credit card also, Manjula. That is not a very big challenge. I can understand, but I don't have a credit card because previously in the 20, 20, I have closed my cards because of late paying card and all. Manjula, see, next week it is not possible, okay? If you actually want to have a hold of it, right? Actually means actually. I can give you a time till Tuesday. Tuesday. Tuesday. Okay, Tuesday at what time? Tuesday in the afternoon around one o'clock, right? We will be having a session. Okay. And Manjula, before that, I would like to, you know, meet you someone who have been struggling like you, okay? And got a transition in the industry with the help of Scalar Academy. Okay. So that you can also get a better, you know, understanding, right? And what if I get you connected with someone who is working with Google as a tech lead? What if I connect you with someone who is working with Google as a tech lead? Yeah. Will you be comfortable connecting with a tech lead of Google? Yeah, no problem. No issues. But you will have to give me a surety of the time because I'll also be checking, you know, their availability and then blocking the calendar, right? So Tuesday, you can give me a bandwidth about the time yourself. Give me a bandwidth, like what will be a suitable time? In the afternoon only. What time? At 12 to 3. 12 to 3, right? Yeah. You're sure about this, Manjula? If you're not sure, you can tell me. I'm not going to impose anything on you. Yeah, no issues. You can set the time with the two or two three between. Tuesday, no? Hello. Tuesday, right? Yeah, Tuesday. And Manjula, I am sending an email as well. Okay. Once you receive it, you might be having your CV with you, right? Yeah. Just send your CV to me over email. I will be, you know, you'll be alerting it with my team. Okay. Okay. Now, one thing, Manjula, if I'm blocking it for you, like till Tuesday, I'm sure you're not going to ghost us again. Sorry? I'm sure that you are not going to ghost us again, right? Because we are working professionals, right? If you feel that it is not working or not worth it, you can tell me. You know, we can discuss about it, we can close it. But if you are telling me that, sorry? There is no issue, I will tell you. Okay, sure. So I'm sending an email on your email address, right? And go through that mail as well and send me your CV. Okay. When you will be able to send the CV? Today, the voting means like till nine o'clock. Okay, sure. Have a safe drive and happy birthday to your nephew. Nephew? Yeah, everybody's a nephew. Bye. Take care, Manjula. Bye.