Hello. Hello. Yes. Yeah. Have I speaking to Darshan? Yes, I am. Who is this? Darshan Anjali Desai and I'm a senior manager from Scaler Academy. How are you? Yeah, I'm doing fine. How about you, Anjali? I'm doing great. Thank you for asking, Darshan. So, I've received your file on my dashboard. Recently, you attended, like registered for a master class, right, related to Roadmap to DevOps. Yes, ma'am. But I'm a bit confused. Already, you had a quite well discussion like a year back, but at that time, you were a developer. Ma'am, yeah, actually, I'm not a developer. At that time, I was interested in the developing field. Okay. I was working as a support staff. Okay. I'm taking technical support. Okay. Like, I think you had the discussion in 2020 to 2021, two years back. Yes, yes. Right. Okay. What is your current profile? My current profile is system administrator. System administration. Okay. So, you were checking the details regards to the DevOps. So, what is your plan now from here, Darshan? Ma'am, actually, I want to know the fees and everything because I want to pursue my career inside the DevOps field. That's why. DevOps field. See, Darshan, if I talk about the DevOps curriculum of a scaler, we have three segments of it. Okay. Have you seen the curriculum? Like, have you gone on the website? No, ma'am. To be frank, I didn't say anything. But I know that a scaler is a good academic. That's why I just want to make an inquiry for that so I can think about it. Okay. Okay. So, understand scaler fees right now because if I talk about DevOps segment, in DevOps, if you want to have a higher set of a salary, there's a position called SREI. Have you heard about it? Site Reliable Energy. Yes, yes. Right. So, if you are pushing yourself for the SRE post, then only you can have a growing career into a DevOps. But if you're not going for SRE role at that point of time, the career will become stagnant, Darshan. Again, you have to plan to change your profile into a coding maybe. Yes. Right. So, it becomes very important for you to understand that now when you are shifting the career or shifting the profile, learn in such a way where you can grow. Okay. Okay. It's not only about entering the DevOps but it's also about performing good in that field. Yes, ma'am. Right. So, overhead the curriculum of DevOps have been floated between 13 to 14 months. Okay. Okay. Where first we are going to teach you entire DevOps segment. Once that portion will be completed, we are going to also teach you data science, sorry, data structure and algorithm and the system designing so that after three years, four years down the line when you are getting interviewed for the SRE role, you are in a position to clear the segment. Okay. Okay. And you can push yourself for the SRE role also. Okay. Okay. I will share with the curriculum so that you can go through each and everything. Okay. You will be even taught AWS which is one of our cloud computing tool because that is also an addition which is required as a DevOps person. Okay. Okay. And all the latest technology and the requirement as the market like for example, Docker and Kubernetes is one of the latest technology required in the market but there are other tools also which you have to learn. Okay. Okay. So, the curriculum will be of 11 to 13 months. Okay. Okay. Out of that initially when you are, if I talk about in terms of a fees curriculum, firstly tell me that with your current, how many years of experience you have so far in copy? I have a six plus years of experience. Six plus years. That's a very long year of experience. Yes ma'am. So, when you had the discussion back in 2022, at that time you were having the discussion for the developer field, right? Yes, right. But you were not into the developer field at that time. Yes. Yes. Why didn't you plan the like change of profile at that time? Ma'am, the thing is I was in technical separate then after I prepared for the EWS. Okay. There is some circumstances with my family and you know the COVID time and financial issue as well so that I was not able to join that. So, I have to continue my career in a support field. And now why you feel that DevOps is a better option than other IT segment like data science, machine learning, all the development? Because my math is very poor to be frank. I know about the data science, AI, robotics, automation, but my math is very poor. So, that's why I don't know very well. I am not made for that field. Okay, you have done your research. Yes. Why not development? Why not pure core coding? Ma'am, because right now for development we have to continuously update ourselves. Okay. First thing, suppose I'm learning some of the languages as well once my course is completed then after they will launch new words and new languages. And according to the company requirement frequently I have to change that. Okay. Like I'm working as a .NET developer. Okay. But suppose company have some requirement for Java projects, okay. Then they will give me some time but I have to learn the Java as well. Okay. Frequently I need to continuously update myself. Okay. If your basic knowledge, fundamental knowledge is clear, in that case the only tools are different, the UI and everything is different. But basic part is same. That's why I thought that I should move in a DevOps field. That's very great Darshan. Who is giving you these kinds of insight information? You are very clear. No, no, no. No, it's not. I'm not sure it's clear or not but this is my mentality. It is very clear. It's very clear. It's very clear. But I'll tell you even developer how it works is like there are a lot of technology which is very old technology. Okay. And there are a lot of technology which is new technology. Like for example, if right now I have to become a developer, I will be moving towards the I will learn the microservices framework and I will learn the Java as a language. Because 80% of the market is getting captured in the Java development segment. Okay. Even in Java, every two to three years you'll be seeing the version of Java is changing. Like earlier there was a 4.2, currently it is having 6.9. Right. So that kind of a shift in a version of a particular language that you don't have to take any course curriculum or do again study and study. Yeah, I know about that. That you learn along with the job. Right. But yeah, one thing if you are trying to entering into the IT segment of this developer field, sorry, this field, DevOps is bit easy in comparison to developer. Yes, I know. Okay. But again understand if you have made your mind that I want to go into DevOps, your end target should be SRE. Otherwise again DevOps is not a good career. If you're just stuck as a DevOps person. Okay. Okay. Very high end company, Microsoft, Amazon, Google sets up kind of a company higher for SRE role. Once you reach that role, it will not be a starting role. Don't think that after the course itself, you will be into SRE. No, it will take at least two to three years of our time as a DevOps engineer then to take that switch. Okay. But if you reach that position, that's the best career. Okay. Okay. But may I know approximate? I just, I'm curious that suppose my course is completed then after obviously you will give the placement. Placement start from ninth month placement and curriculum duration is different. See placement will start from ninth month itself. That is not a problem. Okay. Even our, if even when we have the, see we have divided our curriculum in two factors. Okay. One segment is after where there are four modules. Once you're going to complete those four modules, you can become a DevOps engineer. You can become a cloud engineer. Okay. Or you can go into the cloud support also, but that we don't recommend. Just one second. Sure. Sure. Take your time. Let me open your file to add the details. Yeah. Am I audible now? Yeah. Yeah. So we have divided the entire curriculum in different segments. Whereas first segment will be having three modules. Okay. To be like very specified because you have done a research, you'll be able to understand also. Okay. So first module where one month you will be having the like classes for the fundamental programming languages. Okay. Where Python will be one of the main focus over here. Okay. Okay. And you will also be taught like data types, operator control, state system, everything related to Python segment will be taught over there. Then next four months, you will be taught DSA. That is data structural. Okay. Okay. Again, DSA is very crucial for ensuring, for securing a well-paid role in DevOps. Okay. Whether you want to go in DevOps or whether you want to go for cloud computing. Okay. So it will be a second module, four months data sign, a DSA, a proper training will be provided to you. Okay. Okay. Then we are going to train you on a Linux and the computer system. Okay. Although not that much Linux is used in the market, but it is one of the key things which you should know. Okay. And in-depth knowledge of this is directly going to help you with the day-to-day job. Okay. Okay. After that, then the main segment, two month training you'll be having for the DevOps tools, where you will be taught like a Git, Git hubs, actions, container histories, Git operations. I'll share you the mail also, go through it. Okay. I'm sharing a few like for you. Docker, Kubernetes, Jenkins, Treforms, and let's say Prometheus, Jarison, all these things will be taught to you. Okay. This is one segment. Okay. Then one, you will be also taught AWS because being a DevOps person, you should be very good with AWS also, which is one of the most popular cloud provider in the industry. Okay. And if, and in this segment, we are also going to provide you projects. Okay. Okay. Okay. Now when this particular, when this curriculum segment is done, this curriculum will be off 11 months, 11 to 12 months. Okay. Okay. Till here, then you are eligible, you are industry ready to become a DevOps person, DevOps engineer, to become a cloud engineer, or to become a cloud associate. Okay. Okay. All these three roles, you are eligible for till this point of a time. Okay. But as I said, that it's like Scalar is not about just helping you to go into a DevOps role. We are here to help you out that after that also you can take next step in your career. Okay. So from there, we will be going with the electives where first we will be training you on a system designing, which will be a two month duration. And we will be training you advanced DSA because during your DevOps curriculum, the DSA that has been taught to you, that's not an advanced DSA. That is just so that as a DevOps engineer, you can do your work properly. Okay. Okay. But as an SRE, because when you're going to get interviewed, let's say in Amazon or let's say in Microsoft SRE role, they ask very vigorous question in terms of low level design, high level design, advanced DSA, et cetera. Okay. So these two segments of system designing and advanced DSA will be taught in the second segment of the curriculum. Okay. Okay. After that, you will be completely prepared to take that extra miles where you can become SRE. You can become infrastructure and platform engineer. Okay. Okay. These two segments will be open for you. For what actually happens is if I talk about DevOps role, there are three options, which you have after one point of a time in your career as a DevOps engineer down the line, three years down the line, four years. Okay. Because as a DevOps, after three to four years, as I said, career will be stagnant. Salary hike will be only nominal hike of 30 to 40% of the market. You cannot, after four or five years, you cannot think I will get a hundred percent hike. No, that doesn't happen after one point of a time and as a DevOps person. So you get three options. Either you shift toward the backend development because few tools which you are using, because you've very closely worked with the backend people, right? So very much acute with what is happening in backend industry. So majority people move towards the backend development. Majority moves towards the SRE role, which is best and next level of the DevOps. Other who is not taken, like looking forward to take such kind of a challenge, they continue with that kind of a lower segment salary. Okay. Okay. So you have to either make yourself to go toward the development or at that point of a time, you have to be eligible to clear the SRE segment. Okay. So in this curriculum only, we will teach you for SRE only. Okay. Okay. And this entire curriculum will be taught to you by as you have already known no scalar well that over here, the top industry expert teaches you. Okay. So if I give you like few names, Anshuman is going to teach you is one of our co-founder of scalar and also have a Facebook experience. Naman Bhalla, who has worked with cult and Google fit before right now, he's heading the developer team of a scalar. And then you'll be having a cash again has worked with the Google. He's was also all India, ranked one for the Google hash coding in 2019. Okay. Pratik who again have worked with the Google and has been co-founder of coding minutes, Harsit who has worked with the LinkedIn, et cetera. So these people are going to teach you. Okay. Okay. If I talk about your mentors, mentor are the people see live instructor will teach you in the live classes. Okay. You'll be having a life classes three days. One is we don't have a morning batch in the walls. We have only evening batch, which is nine to 11. Okay. Okay. Where morning in nine to 11 is the batch. You will be having classes three days, Monday, Wednesday and Thursday, Monday, Wednesday and Friday. Sorry. Okay. At the end of every class based on the topic has been taught you today. We are going to provide you assignments and projects. Okay. Okay. And the mentors is going to help you. Basically they are the person who is a bridge between your learning and your placement. Okay. After every module, they take your test. After you finish the main module, let's say after the DevOps module entire is finished, they are going to take your mock interview round to see whether you are ready for to be a DevOps engineer or not to clear that sets of interviews or not. After you finish your system designing and advanced DSA, they will again take the mock interview to understand whether you have good fit for in terms of SRE or not. Okay. Okay. They will also help you with the resume building. Now these are the people who is not a full time apply of a scalar. I understand this. Okay. So they are not available 24 seven. They are kind of a freelancing for the scalar. They are currently working with tier one tier two product based companies as a DevOps engineer. Okay. Naming a few like for example, and they have, they are the people who have been a scalar alum. Okay. Okay. Like for example, Vijay, who's a DevOps engineer in Walmart currently, Shivans, who's a DevOps DevOps engineer three in Amazon currently, then cloud era, Rakesh is working, sorry, Rakesh is working cloud era, Arnab, he's working in flexions. Then we have other people. I'll share with the list. You can go through it. Okay. So these are the people who are mentor. Okay. So any, like say based on your previous experiences and your knowledge towards this field, there will be a few mentors file will be provided to you. You are going to choose one mentor. Okay. Okay. There's a cap of session. You can have a one-on-one proper session with them 13 to 15 during your journey. And that is more than enough. Okay. When you're in life class, you can clear your doubt in a life class itself. When you are not in life class, when you're completing assignments, projects, or you're doing the, watching a recorded of your life class, we will also provide a recording of a life class. Okay. So that in case you're missing a life class, you can cover it through recorded session. Okay. Okay. At that point of a time, whenever you have a doubt, reach out to teaching assistant, go to your scalar dashboard. There's an option of teaching assistant. If you have both the option available, if you want to have a chat with them, you can have a chat conversation. If you feel I want to, it's a bit complicated out. I want to have a one-on-one meet with them. They can have a one-on-one meet with you and you can clear your doubt. And there's no cap of session with teaching assistant because they are a full-time employer of Scalar. Okay. Okay. Any doubt till here? No, no, no. Clear? Okay. I think you must be aware of that Scalar conduct and entrance examination to take the learners, right? Yeah. I think you are sharing some links to us on email ID and based on that. Yes. You will, yes. You will, we will be not rank system is not there. But there is some discount system. Yes. Yes. Test is there when you, it's a 40, it's not only for discount. It's also for you to qualify the entrance. If you qualify, then only we can give you the, because we also have a basic requirement for a candidate. Okay. Okay. So I think you had, actually you had a discussion in 2022. So it's a, it will be a 30 minute test. Okay. Where it will be a logical reasoning based. There'll be few coding questions also to check whether you have, because it's in, it's not like in devolves, there's no coding. There is a coding, but not that developer level. Right. So there will be like, there'll be 15 to 18 questions you have in order to qualify. You should at least have a 40% cutoff. Okay. Okay. And with that, you'll be getting a 55,000 fees rebate. Okay. In case you qualify after that, you will also have a one-on-one session where a basic interview round will be conducted. In 2022, there was no interview round, but in 23, we introduced July, we introduced the interview round also. Okay. So total fees right now for Scalar is 3,69,000. Okay. Any of the course, if you're going to go, all the courses having a fee, same fees structure. Okay. Okay. And once you like clear the examination, you get the rebate of 55,000 rupees that is from 3,69,000, the fees come down to 3,14,000. Okay. Okay. Out of 3,14,000, 20,000 is what you submit during the registration and you start your preparation. Okay. Okay. You will be getting a time. Let's say if I talk about with the next batch segment, you will be getting a time till 27th of March. Okay. Okay. Till 27th of March, you'll be having an observation period. You can attend the class, you can see the quality, et cetera. And if you feel that everything is fine, you can continue. If you feel things are not fine, you can even put for the cancellation, your 20,000 will be refunded back to you. So you can even start your study with 20,000 initially. Okay. Okay. Remaining 2,94,000 based on your budget monthly savings, you can go with the different TMI options because with the different third party, we have came up with different segments of EMI. Okay. Okay. Like for example, we have 18 and 24 months of EMI, which is a no cost TMI till two years. After that, we have 36, 48 and 60 month of EMI, but those are interest based EMI. They're 9 to 11% of interest. Okay. Let's say if I see 2,94,000, if you want to pay in 24 months, that is two years, your per month monthly budget will be 12,250. Okay. So do you think Darshan as of current budget, we can manage 12,250? No, ma'am. It's too much to be. It will be too much. If I ask you like based on all the expenses and everything, how much do you think you'll be able to save? To be frank, seven to 8,000 is more than enough for me because I'm planning for a marriage and everything. So I have to manage my finances. Yes. As I told you before, previous before two years, I have a same issue with the finance. That's why I'm not able to turn the scale. See, as he understands being into this because I come from a middle-class family, to be honest. Okay. Yeah. So the whatever, because I know when I started my career with three last salary at that time also, I was struggling right now when I'm sitting at 18 LP at that time also, I'm struggling because the things changes. Yes. Responsibility increases. Right. So if you feel at that point of a time, because you had financial and COVID thing also was there, you were not able to take that step. But tell me this thing very honestly, do you think that if at that point of a time, you could have taken that step there, financial issue would not have been there. Do you think you would have been doing better in the career as of now? Yeah. Yes, I know. Right. So if right now your budget is 7 to 8,000 per month, you can go with a 60 month of EMI. Okay. Okay. I'll tell you how you'll manage that. It's not like for five years, nobody's paying such kind of a small EMI. Okay. So what happens is 7,228 is a per month EMI with 60 month. Okay. Nine to 11% interest rate is charged. Okay. Okay. So what needs to be done is when we are going to start the placement from ninth and 10th month, let's say ninth month you sat for the placement, 10th month you sat and 11th month you sat. Yes. Let's say November, December and January you sat. Okay. In this three months of a duration, you what the average we have seen is with three months of vigorous placement, student have two to three offer letter in their hand. Okay. Okay. Let's say you have three offer letter in your hand at that point of a time, you're going to choose which company I want to join. And you're going to join a new company. Your curriculum will go on. Curriculum does not have anything to do with placement. Okay. So your curriculum will go on and up because we will be training you for SRE at that point of a time. Okay. Okay. So you'll be joining a new company. Let's say in January month, you're joining a new company. You'll start getting a new payout from Feb month. Okay. Okay. Which will be currently, if I ask what is the current CTC deal? My current CTC is six lakhs. After six years of experience. Yes, ma'am. Did we start with low salary? Yes, ma'am. Okay. No, actually I was in TCS before eight months, before one year I was in a TCS. Okay. My budget was, my package was high. Okay. But due to Corona, there is a resuscitation I have some financial issue and at that time I have to leave the company. Okay. Because they are, I was working in a bank of America. Okay. And they are not providing me a work from home and my father's have a critical situation. Okay. Okay. You did not have the option, you had to leave. Yes, I don't have an option at that time. I have to leave the TCS and then after I joined the local company and that's why I have to manage that. So at that time the SAPP package got reduced. Yes. Rather than getting the increment, I got a less package. Oh, I have some circumstances, I have to do that. That's all. Okay. Okay. But everything in health wise is fine at home currently, not still now. Not till now. See to be frank, within this week, we went to hospital three to four times. Okay. For like father's health issue. Yes ma'am. Okay. Okay. As I told you, I have some financial issue as well. I have some responsibilities and I have to manage all that. All these things. My career. Yes. That's why last time it was not manageable and right now I'm trying, I can try to manage it. Even right now. Rather than giving you the hope that okay, I will pay the 12,000 better at the initial. No, no. See the thing is Darshan, until unless you will share me the actual problem, no, I will not be able to provide you the solution. There's no point of saying yes, I will be able to manage a wife. Because last time I was very stuck in that kind of situation. I am not able to share that things with other person. Okay. I'm feeling shy as well because that person is not in my touch for too long time. That's why I'm not able to share everything. That was my personal issue. Right now I have same situation, but I thought that I can manage. See I can pay the 12,000, but initially whatever I have a savings, I will pay that. Then after I have to manage my finance. No, no, take it easy. See I'm saying very simple. Even I have a learner who's having a permanent salary of 20,000, but they also have to see the family, their fathers are farmer, etc. Okay. So what I even have suggested the same to Pratik that you do a thing. Don't take too much pressure. Even if you feel that I'm from here and there, I'll be able to manage 12,000, but you know, have a medical bill also. Yes. Right. Regular medical before that. You need to have certain loose in a loose cash with you in order to see here and there. Because at one point of a time, I don't want you to give me a call after two months that I'm not able to manage. How should I? I can understand. I can understand. Instead of that, go with the 7,000. Yes. In a year, you are paying something 20,000, 20,000, 30,000 extra that I accept in terms of interest. Okay. But let's say from February, when you are starting having a better salary at that point of a time, it will become easy for you to manage. Yes. I can understand that. Right. If I have a better package, then obviously I can pay the revenue. I can even, I can pay 15 as well at that time. No, no, but at that time, what you have to do, you have to start saving a good amount from your salary. Let's say in case your salary, let's say for example, if 80,000 from there, try to for additional three to four months, don't go with so much of expense. Try to save at least 50% of your salary at that time. Okay. So that by the end of next four months after placement, you are having 2 lakh savings. And with that 2 lakh, instead of paying like interest for a longer period of a time, you can give a call to a scalar team or your like your team, NBFC team, and tell them you want to pre-close your EMI. Okay. That is what the people who go with like more than 24 months of EMI, that is what they do. They pre-close their, their fees structure. When you pre-close, there's a pre-close charges also. I think 4 to 5,000, it will be, I'm not very sure. When you have a current with finance team, ask them, that's a short amount. Okay. Okay. So you, when you're going to do the pre-closing by 20, like whenever you are doing the pre-closing for the remaining amount, you're paying only principal, no interest. Okay. Okay. So I, yes, as an interest, you are paying 30, 40,000 extra in a year, but that is helping you to at least enable and manage your finances to start learning. Because see now, if you are planning for the marriage and father health is still not stable, so expenses are going to increase. Yeah. Okay. Plus Darshan, what happens is I'm telling you from my personal experience, I recently got last year, I got married not recently, almost about a year complete. Once you have these kinds of so much responsibility, you know, you know that you want to upskill, but at that time, the situation is like that. You're not able to make that kind of a move. Yes. Time is crucial. Exactly. Time is very crucial. Yes. Time is very crucial. Plus there are a lot of responsibility, which also happens because if you are saving right now, let's say 7, 8,000, right now, you're in a position to invest on yourself at that time. You have to invest on other responsibilities. Yes, ma'am. Right. So this is the time you have, like we have to do so that after one point of a time, even I know the managing 7,000 also difficult, but if you are able to manage from here and there, take that step now. So 7,000 is manageable Darshan. Yes. Any problem in that? No, no. No. Okay. Because I think in a year from your pocket, you'll be investing I think 1 lakh, including the registration. Yes. Not more than that. Okay. Curriculum is clear? Yeah. Curriculum is clear. Can you please share the documentation so I can go through it? Which documentation? Like this curriculum. I'll share you the mail. I will share you the research mail and I also want you to give the test. Tomorrow and day after tomorrow must be off, right? Yes. No, actually today was my off. Tomorrow I am working. Saturday, Sunday, I don't have any off. When you have off? I have off on Thursday, Friday. Thursday, Friday. Okay. Your off is very hot. I have seen either Monday, Tuesday off or Saturday, Sunday off. Okay. So today you can take out 30 minutes of a time to give the test. Today is not possible, but if possible, can you share for tomorrow? Test I cannot roll out for tomorrow Darshan because the test need to be rolled out for real time basis. Then if possible, may I call you tomorrow or on Monday? Monday will be because if I am planning you to put into the scholarship seat, one second, let me check how many scholarships are lest. Okay. There are 17 scholarship seat because the batch is starting from 13th only. Yeah. But the thing is, yeah, right now I am in my native. Okay. As I told you, due to my father's situation, I am in my native and don't have any system. And even I have network issue. I have network issue as well. Okay. Okay. So that's why and better on Monday, I'm in office to be frank from tomorrow during tomorrow, I can go somewhere and I can give the test because I'm when I'm going to office or some of my friends. So at that time I can manage the taste. See, firstly, you can give the test through phone also. Okay. Gadget is not a problem. Okay. What I'll do is I'll roll out a test. Do you think that before morning 10 PM, you can give the test 10 AM. Sorry. Is it possible? I will do that. Okay. So I'll share you the test till morning 10, it will be active, give the test and I'm sharing the research paper, but make sure tonight you're going through the research. Okay. And note down all the doubts that you've come across. Sure. Okay. After that, I saw that tomorrow, if your test is clear, because the seat is running out, a scholarship seat is always let in terms of a lot so that if everything is clear to you, we can also proceed towards the registration. Okay. Also like if in case that if you have passed the test and if we can go with the interview at least. Okay. So how are you going to go? You are right now in native place, right? I can drive with my mobile phone. No, no. Monday you are coming back to office. Yes. Yes. Where is the office? In Ahmedabad. And you are in? Currently native? My native is also near Ahmedabad. Near only. In Nana Chiloda. Not too much far. But it is a, yeah. Yeah. Okay. It's almost 35 to 40 kilometers far from where we have network. Okay. Okay. So Saturday, Sunday, how you're going to manage work? Saturday, Sunday, actually tomorrow I'm going to one of my friend's home. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. He have a wifi so I can, I can went to his home and I can do that. No issues. No issues. So you do that. Okay. But make sure before 10 you'll be able to give the test so that when I resume the office tomorrow, I already have your result. Okay. So that I can tell the team. But make them, I just want to know go through their course contents. Yes. Yes. I'm sharing on a mail that I'll share right now itself. Okay. Okay. I'm connected. This is, this is a WhatsApp number, Darshan. No, ma'am. My WhatsApp number is different. One second. One second. Can you tell me the WhatsApp number? For sure. Seven. Seven. Three eight. Three eight. Three eight. Three eight. Three eight. Zero five three. Zero five three. Okay. So I'll connect you on a WhatsApp because my WhatsApp, this is my calling number. My WhatsApp number is also separate. So once you receive the mail Darshan, just let me know you have received it. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Yeah. Thank you. Nice to talk with you. Yeah, you too. Good night. Good night.